For all my fellow New Girl fans. Do you want Jess and Nick to end up together?
Do you like cotton candy?
if cooked and seasoned properly, would you eat human flesh?
Favorite Mario Kart?
(Because I'm garbage at making polls I forgot 64 so if that's your favorite just like Maxwell's comment calling me out on it)
Who is your favorite Mike?
Do you pronounce the h in herb (like the plant not the man)
Milkshakes or smoothies?
Would you rather date Bradley Cooper or Ben Affleck?
If you could have wings, but had to give up either your arms or legs to get them, which would you give up?
When you go to Hello Bistro, what kind of salad greens do you select?
In a hypothetical situation where you had kids would you rather they be a....
So my birthday is coming up and I want the polls to determine what cake I get!
Apricot? ï¿½
Is taste in vegetables important in a relationship?
Would you date someone who smokes?
Dr. Pepper or Ginger Ale?
How do you peel a banana?
Would you rather search for
Do dogs think in barks?
Should auto makers be able to sell direct to consumers and not have to go through dealerships
How weird is it when someone ends a text message with a period?
If you could only watch one for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
How many times do you pee per day
Regional linguistics poll! Please indicate where you live/grew up/assimilated in the comments after voting.
What is the opposite of "clockwise"?
best transition between 2 songs
What apps do you allow notifications for, and what do you (generally) have notifications off for?
twizzlers
how is covfefe pronounced
Which classic Disney Channel tv show had the best theme song?
funky time: does money buy happiness? why or why not?
Hypothetically, let's say I am desperate and sad and want to beg a certain someone with whom I am currently divorcing to give me another shot, should I and how should I?
Would you murder someone who was going to die anyways for 1 wish with no rules/strings attached?
Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron
Do you know anyone that would ever go to brunch and order cereal?
How many times a day do you check your posted polls to see how many people got involved with it?
Is golf a sport ?
I'm so curious so: What do you do/plan to do for a living? Add yours!
Ranch or bleu cheese?
say i were to spontaneously get another ear piercing today. which should i get
You see a trolley racing out of control towards 5 constructions workers and even though shout to get their attention, they have construction headphones on so they can't hear you
There is a lever next to you which you can pull in order to switch the trolley to another track. There 1 similar worker on the other track. Do you
Custom head cut on a stick: who's face? Add options
Fireball whiskey
which food chain uses memes the best
Add random options and see how fast we can get to 100 options 123 GO
Pick one shit vodka:
Do you believe that people's behavior is really based on "human nature"
Let's settle this once and for all: 
What do you call the annoying blemishes that pop up on your skin because of oily pores?
Couples that poll together stay together
If you could be any one of the members of The Sugarhill Gang, who would you be
Which do you prefer
I'm genuinely curious bc I was shocked when I heard the opposite of me. When you drink too much, do you black out before throwing up, or throw up before you black out?
What's your Myers-Briggs?
Starting a band with 2 other guys but we don't have a name. Please help by suggesting great names. That is all
How many times have you blacked out before? And do u blackout more or puke more?
Which Poddington Pea are you? (See pic in comments)
After a long day at work, you want to:
Why am I finding a bunch of tiny scratches on me?
My friend's phone broke. What is the best way I could contact him
When you vomit because of drinking, when do you do it?
How do you feel about The Process?
Do you have a regular BM schedule? ï¿½
At what height do you start to consider a person tall?
Has anyone seen shadow people (see comments) can be hallucination or paranormal or whatever you believe it is
Do you find LinkedIn helpful? 
Would you rather
Yo so do you think crabs in the ocean look at fish and thinking that they fly ?
What body part u after
Pancakes or waffles???
Which do you prefer: Ice Cream or Soft Serve? (pics in comments)
Nicknames that confused you as a child??
Choose a Dwight to defend you in battle (pic in comments)
Which songs from the Hamilton Mixtape do you actually enjoy?
Does this look like me? Pic in comments. Hard to tell if u never seen me IRL :/
Just an easy one to get to know the group stats. Serious answers pls don't troll!! Where are ya from? State, big city, or country if not US.
What is better than polling?
How do you say sherbet
favorite underrated tv show
Go to flirting move
What brand of gum is Mike Sullivan chewing?
Margaritas: salt vs sugar on rim
What is your One-Direction ship?
Which of the following worlds would you want to live in
Can u tell the one direction voices member's apart?
Make it or break it your significant other had tree branches for arms.
Pick one to be your friend
You order a half dozen wings and they bring you a dozen. What do you do?
Rocks or Sticks?
Have u ever had to google something because you didn't understand a poll?
Favorite Rap Lyric
Do you wear socks to bed?
If you could be a professional athelete in one of the four major American sports, which would you choose?
Is an ice cream sandwich a hot dog?
Your favorite pokemon (add in options)
Would you have voted for him? (Pic in comments)
Which do you trust more
Would you rather live in
Pineapple on pizza
Would you rather live in a world without soft serve ice cream or a world without music?
Which Bop It function was your favorite
What do you consider to be "a lot" of sexual partners?
dog earing books
Funnel cake or fried dough
Have you cried at a concert? 
(From being emotional, not from pain or anything)
Which do you prefer?
You're outside and it's sunny. You don't have sunglasses. To see better, do you:
Are hot dogs a sandwich?
Favorite Hamilton song?
Do you have the Facebook app on your phone
There's only one correct answer to this poll, and it is...
If the groundhog has a shadow, but never looks at it, what season is it? 
How do you feel/what do you think when people play their music publicly and not on headphones?
Every US President is in a giant dirt arena. Each may bring a single weapon of their choice. Only one may leave alive. Who wins?
Do you check snap stories? 
?
fave hamilton character go
Welcome to the Salty Spitoon. How tough are ya?
HI! Not a poll, don't @ me because I am the law. Just a friendly reminder that there are lots of spin-off groups who would love to have you (PLEASE read the rules of all groups you join!!!!) 

For Political Purposes:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1161544273950155/?source=create_flow

For Memeing Purposes:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1815458418782770/

For Pupper Purposes:
https://www.facebook.com/groups/298052457282541/

Happy Polling xoxo
Ice cream
Best DC super hero that isn't Batman
who is the hottest remaining man on the bachelorette? 
When you are marking pages when reading a book do you
Do you ever judge people based on the number of people they've slept with?
ok re-post bc options auto-corrected weird: fave beatles song on abbey road (add mo' options)
Which movie or video game utopia/dystopia do you think the world is going to be most like in the next century?
do you believe in ghosts
To Tip or not to Tip?
Weird stat poll! how old were you when you lost ur virginity? feel free to share fun stories in comments
Which is worse when pooping
Strangers are:
Do people generally irritate you or excite you?
what cartoon character do you find really hot/was your sexual awakening?
When someone asks you what episode of a TV show you're on, do you tell them...
There is a war in Hollywood and every actor has an army of all the fictional characters they've played. Who wins? Add an option below if it isn't already there
Dr. Daniel Howell PhD is a biology professor at a university in Virginia. He has conducted human research on "going barefoot", encourages and promotes the barefoot lifestyle and has authored The Barefoot Book.
Dr. Christine Harris PhD is a psychology professor at a university in California. She has conducted human research on "being ticklish" and is very intrigued by the mystery of ticklish laughter.
I conduct research on both topics. On a scientific level (physiology, sociology, psychology, gelotology), which topic is more appealing or interesting to you?  Going barefoot or being ticklish?
What do you do when you have a meeting with a professor/supervisor/boss etc and the door is closed
How do you (personally) pronounce LaCroix?
Best word from last night's National Spelling Bee
if you had to compare you and your significant other as a famous couple who would you be? add more pls (if you don't have a significant other, what famous couple would you hope to be in the future)
When your friend makes a typo, you...
Weirdest place you've hooked up with someone (def feel free to add options)
how should i procrastinate tonight? add options, i'm really not trying to do this homework right now
Personalized license plates?
Corn beef hash?
Route
Do you think Mick Jagger is still hot?
do you like rhubarb? 
What's your favorite thing about your significant other? (I searched high and low for if this was a repeat and didn't see anything so)
Have you ever looked at your Google Maps Timeline? (in app or on the site click the menu then "your timeline")
If you couldn't have children, would you do any of these?
Given the occasion, if you could have one type of doughnut as the base (flavors/frosting/filling can be added) for the rest of your life, you would have:
This can be for any "competition" that you want. Would you rather ?
Have you ever had your reflexes tested?  The two most common tests are the deep tendon patellar reflex (knee-jerk) and the superficial plantar scratch reflex (Babinski).  The patellar test is done right below the knees and the plantar test is done on the bottoms of the feet.  Both are common in physical exams and/or neurological exams but can be administered by anybody.
Is your family constantly late for everything
Ultimate chipotle Q. No clarification options like "depends on the day" or shit. No "I don't eat chipotle" option-don't vote in this case.
Best 90's pop band live
Has polling gotten in the way of your work/school/personal life?
FLAT-FACED DOGS 

I'm going a bit of research on the above and would like to ask the following two questions:

1. what do you think of flat-faced dog breeds such as Pugs, French Bulldogs and Bulldogs?

2. would you consider getting one yourself?

Thank you!
Do people often mispronounce your name when reading it out loud for the first time? If so, write the mispronunciations in the comments.
What should I do if my girlfriend likes polling more than me?
Who's sexier? (Pics in comments)
You are alone in the car with your windows down because the weather is actually perfect. WHAT IS YOUR GO-TO KARAOKE JAM?!!!?!?!?
When should you brush your teeth?
Yesterday's poll got me thinking...what is "hooking up" mean to you? 
As a follow-up to a previous poll? What is the name of your daddy?
What was your favorite building toy growing up?
Pick one:
What is the absolute worst fruit?
Do you kinda wish you were born as a twin?
When you finish a class. Do you throw out your notes/flash cards that are hand written?
Alright, I need to settle a debate with my cousin. How do you spell it:
Best computer design software
Got in a discussion w my friends about this once and apparently I was the weird one, but KT's poll reminded me! When someone says toast, you initially imagine...
Favorite "Adult" animated show?
There's a path to the right, and one to the left. Both paths are identical in every way and both reach the destination at the same time. Would you go left or right?
Would you rather your significant other be a famous athlete or a famous actor/singer?
Did Kevin Durant Ruin the NBA?
For those who've watched all of Breaking Bad. Who's your favorite character that's not Walt or Jesse?
Creamed chipped beef?
Do you get goosebumps when you sneeze?
There's always been talk of finding your 'Soul mate', but I was thinking about how I feel like I've had a 'Soul Place'. As in you have a strong connection to a spot, a house, a town, country, etc. that you can't really describe but your gut tells you that you're meant to be there. Has anyone felt like this? If so, add on where!!
Toast at diners
Twice in the last month, I have been asked if my father is my husband.... 
What do you think they're thinking?
Do you know all the members of Black Hippy?
is rick and morty actually worth watching? ive gotten mixed reactions
How many Facebook friends have you acquired from FPP?
Is Al Gore Hot? (photos in comments)
When you are on the toilet and scrolling through instagram/snapchat endlessly are you afraid that you are going to accidentally post a pic of you on the toilet?
Do you enjoy bowling?
Do you put ketchup on a bacon egg and cheese?
What's the best Bruno Mars song?
Blue's Clues
When someone kisses your ear
Which coffee is the strongest?
Best South Park celebrity parody
Another tequila poll: which do you prefer ?
Should we now refer to Taylor as 'Tumphrey'?
To the people who want to get into For Meming Purposes. Request to get added and one of the admins will add you. Here's the link. 
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1815458418782770/
Follow up question: What's the weirdest show you've ever had sex to?
What does covfefe mean to you?
Would you rather
Where do you get news from?
In Jeff and Taylor's impending divorce, who should get custody of me?
Worst Fast food burger of the ones given.
(I tried to include those not native to SE PA)
Who ya got?
Favorite summertime song? (Please add)
What's your balloon preference?
thoughts on the term glucose guardian (instead of sugar mama/daddy)
Which fictional character would make the best grandfather? (feel free to add)
IF there were to be a political subgroup bc y'all can't keep politics out of the good wholesome polls, how would you like it to be run?
I've taken it upon myself to make this sequel because I'm at work and thinking of it instead of actual workâ€¦ but I think it's time for daddy poll pt. 2 I'm going to add 5 and let you guys do the rest
Is polling the same thing as sex?
What are your thoughts on people tanning in bathing suits while not near a body of water (ex. Schenley plaza)
best rick & morty currency
Would you rather be a character in The Walking Dead or Lost?
what is your opinion on cookie butter?
Drinking water out of a gallon jug:
Favorite gaming console of all time?
Do you say:
What do you call this household item? Pic in comments.
Would you participate in a research study that shocks you? (mildly)
Do you believe in true love?
What do you do when you post a poll and make a mistake in the poll
what's your dads name
Who's The ultimate Lad of this page
Is playing the lottery gambling?
For science: brushing your teeth at night?
For Polling Purposes: Decide My Lunch edition! There's a chicken and waffles food truck coming to the building today. What should I order off of their menu for lunch? (Not putting the dessert waffle options b/c I know I will feel like crap the rest of the day if that's all I eat for lunch)
Sphynx cats:
Do you use q-tips to clean your ears???
You're in a class that the professor makes no sense, but attendance is mandatory. In this situation, you..... 
What's the best Beatles "era"?
Here are the bottom 20, numbers 231-250, of the top rated movies on IMDb. Each movie has an average rating of 8/10 stars.
Choose all that you have seen!
Sorry for cluttering up the group, just wanted to get this list on here. Here are the, "So Bad They Are Hilarious/Good" movies that I am aware of!
Choose the ones you have seen!
Best donut brand?
Should I get a romper?
Would you rather cook bacon or bake cookies?
Jeff wants us to be a "pie-only" household. I feel as if this is restricting me. Should your husband be allowed to decide which desserts your house should have, especially if pie LOST in another poll? Shouldn't we be a poll based household??
If you're early to an event/work/school what do you do
most satisfying swear word to say (add options only)
Who gonna win:
Beat Fast Food/ Coffee shop chain to get breakfast at
Best place to buy already brewed coffee
If someone you know won't stop going on about a famous person they like, even if they stand by not having a crush on them (despite how weird and oddly sexy the chats about them can get), do you
(poll not based on my real life in any way...)
If a woman refers to a male as 'her mans' what does it mean?
What is your opinion on drinking milk on its own? (i.e. not with oreos or any other food) This is a very important poll, please vote
Ok. Two choices only. Your parent of the opposite sex from you, has their mind switched with your girlfriend/boyfriend. Now the only way to get them back is to have sex with one of them. Who do you choose? (This is a quote from a show. I am messed up but not enough to create this nightmare.)*corrected
What is your mom's name?
Does this group need Jesus Christ?
what is your opinion on couples who have joint social media accounts?
Ladies of FPP: what type of birth control do you predominantly use? (If you use condoms WITH another form, choose the other)
Preferred method of procrastination (please add I'm procrastinating)
Ladiez!! Thoughts on these? Have you tried them?
https://www.shethinx.com/collections/period-panties-qa
do people change?
My job sucks. I hate it so much. I work late nights (8p-4a) and weekends. The breakfast diner that is in the bottom level of the skyscraper that my husband works in is hiring. It would probably be early mornings and weekends. Should I apply?
Peanut butter
which one of these EGOT awards would you want to win the most?
Pollers with traditionally (Western European?) female names: What's your middle name?
So I just met two other people did this but idk why I do it and thought it was just a weird quirk?
When you're done with a shower and turn off the water, that little extra splash that comes out of the faucet: 
WORST dessert from the choices
How do you want to die?
Do you like sauerkraut
What unique food combinations do you like?
Do you enjoy the word Jabroni
Do you like eggs on your burger?
Have you seen The Room?
How many times will you use a towel after showering before washing it?
best old youtube videos???
what is your dream job? not your goal (well I mean maybe it is too) but like your all out this is crazy and never going to happen but I would die of happiness dreams do come true if I got this job type thing
When Jeff and Taylor inevitably get married, what should their couple name be?
This is a very specific niche poll for all you Twin Peaks fans out there, but I don't care. Marry fuck kill: Bobby Briggs, James Hurley, Harold Smith (if all you non-Peakers wanna vote anyway, I'll throw some pics in the comments)
following the makeout poll, what is your preferred generic position to makeout in
Who's more famous?
Who would win in a physical fight?!
how should we atone for the sins in the daddy poll?
If you could have one celebrity NOT Named Morgan Freeman narrate your life, who would you pick
who was/is the best weekend update host(s)
What's this character's name? (Look in comments)
For those who watched the whole series, did you like the ending to How I Met Your Mother?
Which celeb(s) would you call daddy (please add)
Inspired by the last Kelly Clarkson/ Carrie Underwood poll. Choose one
Best Radiohead jam?
Pick one
Favorite Drake albums? I omitted his pre-album mixtapes
Since the IMDb top 20 poll was so popular here are numbers 21-40 of the top rated movies on IMDb. 
Choose all that you have seen!
Best boy band ever?
What is your recurring nightmare?
Most fascinating natural disaster
Cell Phone Preference
Would you rather someone kiss with too much tongue or not enough?
Do you pronounce towel as...
Predetermination or Free Will
WE CAN'T get into scary cartoon episodes without opinions on the RETURN THE SLAB episode of Courage The Cowardly Dog
What do you think about people who make a public relationship status on Facebook?
what natural disaster scares you the most?
Why are you here?
When I leave work, what should I do? I haven't seen my grandma in more than a week. I missed a gym day because yesterday was a holiday.
How do you hold stemmed glasses?
If you go to the store to buy a product (OTC medicine, lotion, etc.) and there is a name brand product as well as a cheaper generic/store brand product next to it, which do you buy?
(SPOILER ALERT) To any and all Samurai Jack fans, what did you think of the bittersweet ending? 
Best Dr. Seuss book!
Is zac brown band a jam band?
what color are your sheets/comforter? if there is multicolor/pattern just select the main color scheme and select the most closely matching form (like if they're gold select yellow)
Do you think there is a difference between saying "I love you" and saying "I'm in love with you" to a SO?
What is your favorite way to drink wine?
When do you cut your food?
Who's REALLY the most famous product of American Idol
Would you rather:
Favorite memes
Do you consider yourself a "Type A"?
Best Green Day Album? Also comment your favorite songs
You know how tv or movies growing up always made meatloaf or casseroles the gross foods?? How do you actually feel about them
Inspired by Matt's poll about the 'Four-Eyed Jack' episode of Hey Arnold!!!
Did you get horrified/spooked at the Rugrats episode with Angelica dreaming about her new baby brother?
New Orleans pronunciation
very urgent poll- the zoo or the aquarium????
Favorite Adam Sandler movie (back when his movies used to be funny)
Did the 'Four-Eyed Jack' episode of Hey Arnold spook/traumatize you as a child? (pics in the comments)
Oh no
According to the search this hasn't been asked yet. On Snapchat: sending a snap individually to someone while also posting it on your story...
Opinions on sleeping while babysitting
How ridiculous does it look for me, a 22-year old, to ride a non-motorized scooter to work?
What do you say?
what is the best part of the cheesecake
Have you ever made friends on the internet?
Who is better? (use whatever criteria you want)
Choose up to 5 of your favorite Classic Rock Bands:
Is there a difference between telling someone "I love you" and "love you" (feel free to expand on your answer in the comments)
What is the BEST show **currently** airing on HBO? 
People have made fun of me for this, and not sure if it's a New Yorker thing but is there anyone else that says "draw" when they're actually talking about a "drawer"? 
Everyone I know from New York says it like that......
Time to settle an argument. If you postpone an important task or obligation to spend a day doing something you thoroughly enjoy, is it a day wasted or a day well spent?
When was the last time u had a good make out
Pick one
IMDb's top 20 of the top rated movies on the site. Check the ones you have seen!
does anyone ever actually understand organic chemistry?
Chicken pot pie is a
Did you enjoy Gregg Allman's sweet sweet music in the Allman Brother's Band?
"I've had unfrosted pop tarts, they...
If you could only access the content of one of these for the rest of your life, which would you choose: HBO or Netflix?
Do you watch the snapchat discovery stories? (Buzzfeed, Cosmo, Washington post, foodnetwork ect...)
Shook this hasn't been asked yet to my knowledge and the search bar. How do you feel about sharing drinks? Check all that apply
What's the best combo
Which of these would you say you wear most often?
When you refer to "the City," which city are you referring to?
Help Settle a Roommate Dispute: After Showering You
are Geminis really that bad?
Grapes
In the phrase "Whose mans?" is it worse to be 'whose' or 'mans'
Apparently this riddle is going around the interwebs. Pic in comments! Don't give away the answer in the comments if you have already seen the answer
When do you dry your legs post shower
The front of an envelope is:
Tequila
Was mighty morphin power rangers mildly racist?
What do you call it when you go into an intersection when its a yellow light and by the time youre out of it, it has turnes red?
Have you heard of SpongeBob SquarePants: Battle for Bikini Bottom?
what's your party alignment? pic in comments
Why does Pittsburgh hate pretty much every surrounding city and hold bitter rivalries ?
Should Jon Ginsburg LEGALLY change his name...to Ribby Bisquick?
soup?
One group of breakfast foods has to go:
Goetta. Yay, nay, or never heard of it?
Do you eat the end pieces of the loaf of bread?
fish?
How do you feel when people refer to their husbands as "hubby"?
Why are there so many fucking Pennsylvanians in this group
What is your favorite cocktail
Which is it
Happy Memorial Day. What's your go to thing to grill today?
Which are you?
what was your first ~alcohol~
Feelings on baby groot
Curious how you identify your sexuality? (Pls add more if yours isn't listed, I don't want to exclude anyone)
Favorite word for underwear?
Who would win in a fight, 300 trained UFC fighters or 25 silverback gorillas?
Best pairing with Chocolate:
ideally, whats the first social media platform you follow/friend someone on
Out of the Hershey's miniature chocolates, which one is the best?
The most spicy thing you've ever eaten...GO
If you could afford any car what kind(s) would you get?
Do you bite your lip skin?
How long before your roommates food is fair game?
emma watson as belle in 'beauty and the beast'??
Haha yo
Which do you prefer
Favorite Pop-Tart flavor?
In the later Shrek movies, are the donkey dragon babies cute or freaky
Fantastic Beasts and Where to find them (SPOILER ALERT)
How do you feel about Johnny Depp as Gellert Grindelwald? (Consider that he's set to reprise his role in 4 sequels!!!!!!)
Do you vote in your own polls?
Hey
Tina
Would you rather...
What sport has the better movies?
would you ever eat a tomato by itself, like bite into it, like how you would eat an apple
Can you round colors? Ex: burnt orange would round to red
Dave Matthews Band
Buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?
Who is the best ninja turtle?
How do you feel about Tim Hortons???
Who is the best Renaissance artist?
Would you rather
Physical fight to the death. Who would win?
Book(s) that changed your life/perspective? (PLEASE add)
What is your main method of communication via text messages?
The search is being weird on my phone so forgive me if this has been asked before. What hot sauce brand is the best?
There is no basis to this poll. Your votes can be for any reasons.
Best teenage angst song
Last name Weiner
Worst thing about summer
Which broad from broad city do you relate to most
fave john?
Have you ever eaten lunch in a bathroom stall?
Have you ever been bitten by an animal?
Favorite Beatle
Best Member of the Always Sunny Gang?
Opinions on dress codes in grade school
How do you pronounce multitask?
What's your favorite cheese doodle brand?
Does anyone else watch DIY/asmr slime videos on Youtube? 
fave beyoncÃ© song
Do you believe that the demon possessing Miley Cyrus has migrated to Katy Perry? 
What do dogs dream of?
If there was a way to medically select the sex (male/female) of a  baby, would you ever choose to perform this practice on your soon-to-be-born baby?
Have you ever died in your own dream? Comment what killed you.
Would you ride this? (Pic in comments)
So my biffle Maura Matvey got me this tea sampler from the UK (pic in comments). Which one should I try first?
Most Philly thing 
Who's more badass?
Has anyone ever tried to flirt with you in front your parents?
Surprised this hasn't been asked here yet, but who would win in a fight?
Favorite Chex Mix piece  (traditional flavor)
Are cheesesteaks hoagies?
Have you ever had to call 9-1-1? If so what for?
most annoying facebook thing
How do you pronounce that flower lilac?
Recently watching 13 Reasons and was curious...have you ever felt hopeless before?
Are police dogs still good boys or are they snitches
If you were the last to text then who is supposed to text next?
Have you listened to Megan and Jaclyn Davies mashups
Which of these two talented ladies would win in a physical fight against each other?
Have you ever had to leave someone behind and completely cut them out of your life because they were so toxic?
Does seeing someone wear mismatched socks bother you?
Would you rather...
Which is the best (these are rly the only ones I've seen)
Real talk. Pugs or Corgis
When you wash your hands, do you wet them before you apply soap?
Without doing any research, would you say the Joker and Harley Quinn make a good couple? I want to know how the general public feels about them
Chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream or cookies n cream ice cream? Serious answers only thx
Africa by Toto or Land Down Under by Men at Work?
How long do you nap on average?
How did you come to For Polling Purposes?
L I T
People singing what song their listening to in their headphones in public:
Example - this morning I was in an elevator with a girl who was singing the song she was listening to at full volume
Glue
How many FB friends have you invited to join this prestigious group?
Would you rather never be able to have cheese or chocolate for the rest of your life?
RULES/GUIDELINES/HELLO

Welcome to For Polling Purposes!!! A fun place to settle debates, start them, and make friends/enemies with complete strangers on the internet!

There aren't many rules here, but just to keep everything running smoothly we ask:
-nothing political, unless neutral
-no repeats (use the search bar to see if the poll has been made before)(we will tag you in the old post if you repeat)
-nothing racist/sexist/homophobic/anti-dog/otherwise rude
-be nice to cats too, I guess
-no trolling that negatively affects polls
-no spamming/advertising/non-poll posts
-always feel free to add more people
-admins reserve the right to delete posts or comments for the sake of the overall group
-have fun, happy polling

Rules apply to polls, comments, added options etc. Don't ruin a good poll.
what sense brings back nostalgia/memories the fastest/hardest/most clearly for you?
Who is more genuine?
PETSMART
What is a milkshake?
Which show would you most want to be an audience member for?
You make a bet with a friend for $250. "I can eat a hardback copy of Herman Melville's Moby Dick in _____________________." Fill in the blank.
Asking for a friend..... if you had to quit a job what would you do?
Better combo
Which Paul is better? Pre-switch Paul vs post switch Paul
Best Chex Mix flavor
Is barbecue sauce acceptable to put on a cheesesteak sandwich?
toaster setting
Is the responsibility of the person about to do their laundry or the last person to do their laundry to check and clean the lint trap?
What would you do if you really hit it off with someone, dated them for two or three months, and then they told you that they were the star in an absolutely dead serious t-pain cover band (like, they did not think it was funny at all)
You can only pick one
funding for ocean exploration or funding for space exploration
Does this Polling Group deserve an Angel like Emily Ballentine?
Do you have trouble liking comments on fb via your smart phone with the new update?
What's your opinion on the musical Rent?
What should I name my puppy? (Pic in comments) it's a girl
labradors (yes, u have to pick one)
which is better
Okay, but who in this group has actually been to Texas?
I had a job interview a couple months ago and one of the interviewers asked me this: If you could get rid of a state (in this country), which one would it be? Reason optional in comments
Which of the following jerseys should I get (I can only get one)
What's worse?
A FOLLOW UP BAGEL POLL:
The sound of birds....
Do you notice/get upset when someone doesn't respond to your texts but is active on social media?
Favorite Philadelphia cheesesteak
When people lick their fingers while eating 
Who do you think is going to win the Stanley Cup this year?
When you fold your arms...
How many Advil do you take at a time?
Opinions on the male romper? (Pic in comments)
What do you call rompers for dudes?
Did your schools do promposals? Not asking if you got one, just if it was a thing at your schools. I had never heard of this until college but also I was a loser in HS so
Went to check on Rex. Dude went on a ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ 50s-60s rock block a couple of hours back.
This is the only condiment you can have for the rest of your life:
People that went to Prom at the end of senior year of high school, would you go back and spent the money to do something else instead?(Assume your friends would also ditch prom and do whatever you did. Your budget is also limited to the money you/your family spent on prom)
Which dictator has the best hair?
If you're having trouble falling asleep what do you usually do? Feel free to comment with your own responses
how do you pronounce "niche"
which kind of classic movie icon would you rather be?
Are you pursuing your dream job? If your answer is no or somewhat, explain in the comments (if you feel comfy doing so)
Can my cat be the new cover photo
The best part of waking up?
Do you answered polls that don't apply to you?
How do YOU pronounce "amygdala"
Do you think Toby is really the Scranton strangler? So much evidence stacked against him. I just don't know. ï¿½
Who would win dragon or sentient drain?
Might as well
What do you think of veganism ? Create your own answer
Cheese curds
We back to 1,999 members. What should we do?
What is the highest degree you have obtained?
Best version of the letter 'y'?
Should I go to work tomorrow?
Most Pittsburgh thing 
If you could get anything for free for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Does a photo's caption impact your decision whether or not to like it?
Do you still use your blinker when turning if there is no one around you at all?
Favorite alcohol to get drunk off of?
Have you ever spontaneously texted one of your number neighbors (your exact phone number except the last digit is one number above/below yours)?
Would you put your career/life goals on the back-burner so that your partner/spouse/significant other could advance theirs? (Let's say for 5-10 years)
Sorry to you people who hate personal polls but I need help! 
I'm currently working a cool full time job that ends 6/30. I'm also working a retail job part time that I hate that is physically exhausting until I leave for school 8/15. The same company (cool job) has another job open that I can apply for from 6/22-8/5 that I could then quit my retail job and just do these cool jobs if I got it. WHAT AM DO (ps my mom said just keep the commitment to the retail) 
Thnx for indulging me
Would you put your career/life on hold to be dictator of For Polling Purposes?
How should we celebrate the 2000th member???
?!!?!
What do you think are the negatives of technology? I made this in mind mainly considering phones, but feel free to include anything from robots to froyo machines to computers to DJ Roombas
Benedict Cumberbatch
What would you rather have for your wedding (or did you have if you're already married)?
If you work a full time job, would you volunteer on weekends or weeknights to help out something you're passionate about? 
I am thinking about this bc my life goal is to open a shelter and I'm trying to plan out my steps to get there. It's obviously financially difficult to do so and one of my biggest worries is not being able to find people to help me out for free/cheap. I would pay the volunteers once I could afford to do so! Also I am thinking along the lines of professional work as well as volunteering to play with/walk/feed/clean the dogs n cats.
Gilmore Girls fans: Which one of Rory's boyfriends do you like the best?
A programmer just applied to my company and this was included on his resume, should he be hired? http://kylebansavage.com/swamp/index.html
We just discovered that our house has cockroaches and all of my roommates are leaving for the weekend, should I:
do we need a good plague?
Notifications for this group
For comics people
According to Lloyd (2007), is she...
When you're walking and there's a storm drain/ sewer grate in your path, do you:
Adele:
I had a full time job last summer and I would make all of my sandwiches for the week on Sunday night(my sandwiches consisted of bread, cheese, lunch meat and mayo/miracle whip) . Everyone said it was weird/gross and I said it was efficient. Thoughts?
more important in a marriage?
Follow-up poll: so let's assume that we have unanimously voted to 'get rid of' Texas. What does this exactly entail? 
Basketball fans, Regardless of parents/ off the court scandals, who would you rather have on your team
Should we have a purge in real life?
Who wins: A sentient train or a dragon? (think carefully)
Favorite Michael Jackson song?
What should Amanda Shaginaw name this kitten (pic in comments, add more)
Favorite bugge (insect, non-insect, whatever)
What's your biggest pet peeve? Feel free to add your own
Mostly for ladies: do you feel self conscious about going out in public/to work with hairy legs?
Would you date someone who wasn't "poll compatible" with you? (Someone who votes differently/opposite than you)
S'mores
Thoughts on Nicolas Cage?
when you have gifts from a past relationship do you...
This poll is also a word game.
-
I'm trying to figure out which English words actually ARE the thing that they mean. (For example: "word" is a word.) Sometimes a word can be forced into fulfilling this criterion by carefully crafting such a situation. (For example: In its second instance in this sentence, I force the pronoun "itself" to refer to itself.) This, in my opinion, is where the fun is.
-
I'll put all potential candidates I've thought of in the poll options, and I encourage anyone to add any options you can think of. The poll itself will be used to determine which of these candidates are the most legitimate. (For example: "word" is more legitimate than "itself", because "word" always refers to itself, but "itself" only does in certain deliberate constructions.) 
-
If you think a candidate is legit, vote for it. If not, don't. Explanations of how YOU define would legitimacy are welcome, as are explanations of how you corralled a word into a self-referential situation. Candidates must be single words only - no phrases. Have fun!
-
EDIT: I thought of a few more but didn't bother checking their "legitimacy"; see if you can "prove" them and comment your "solutions"!
Best kind of cheese?
Amy Schumer
Is Boxed Mac and Cheese pasta?
Fucked up the first one, didn't want people thinking I was an idiot who didn't understand what pasta was
Opinion on legalization of marijuana 
*hopefully this isn't too political
of these options, how would you characterize your usual emotional state? (select all that apply)
Do you think with the same voice you speak with?
What do you call your grandma?
Best Billy Joel song? (add options for me please)
Think of your favorite local restaurant (no chains/franchises!). What type of cuisine does it serve?
(Also, this is just an excuse to see where I should eat as I travel across the country.)
if you could've been a voice actor for an old tv cartoon (lets say between 90s and early-mid 2000s) what show would you choose?
Drugz
Favorite luxury?
Any microbio people? How do you cool a recently flamed loop?
This is important: Diet Coke or Diet Pepsi
pick a philly you fancy (people, things to do, etc.)
have you ever played spin the bottle?
If you could spend a day with just one of these characters, who would it be?
Glee. If you watched it, after which season did you stop watching it's slow crash and burn? 
Favorite Cheerios flavor
which shia is the best shia
Favorite Silicon Valley Character
If you were talking to someone today (Monday, May 8th), how would you refer to May 13th and 14th (Saturday and Sunday)?
You're going on a long, transatlantic flight by yourself. Where do you sit?
Preferred member of hip hop group Rae Sremmurd?
Best Fairly Odd Parents Character
If you grew a third full size arm and hand, where on your body would you grow it.
Name my new car plz (pic in comments)
Which would you rather have for the rest of your life?
The romper posts continue.
I need to know everyone's favorite!!
While each scene is emotionally tragic, if you had to choose just one: What is the saddest dog death in a movie?
Fidget Spinners?
How do you test how drunk you are?
Favorite bestiality product?
Can we please add nothing anti cat to the rules
When you were added to this group did you have any idea of the impact it would have on your life?
What's your favorite sex position/act(s)?
Which leg is your favorite leg?
A house should have:
pictures in comments for reference
Would you rather?
Would you rather die a sudden peaceful death or suffer a longer, more painful death but be able to say goodbye to your loved ones?
Favorite Rugrat:
For those of you that dislike mayo, do you like tuna salad, chicken salad, Mac salad, potato salad...
Those caramel m&ms
Best Disney training montage
Finish the lyric:
When I was ___
Do you prefer cake or pie ???
Which type of people are worse to deal with?
Which famous dead person/people (real only) would have the most interesting twitter accounts? 
Beat Rugrats parent
Best rap duo of all time is...(please add)
what is the most intellectual and clever song ever written? 
What do you think about people who comment on/share your post without liking it?
Do you get "pee shivers"? 
Have you ever gone to work and you haven't showered and you can kinda smell your smelly self and then are paranoid all day that other people can smell you????
Best thing to order at McDonalds
Inspired by a poll from earlier today, as well as one from a couple weeks ago
So today I mentioned the show Hamilton to my cousin and he'd never heard of it. Is he the only person in the entire universe that has never heard of Hamilton?
When people use the word "adult" as a verb or gerund....
(example: "omg adulting is so hard lol" or "i have no idea how to adult") 
What do you typically do at parties? Check all that apply! Add options!
Pizza
Can you love someone without trusting them and vice versa?
Are you the friend who makes plans or the friend who just gets invited to do stuff?
whats the best dog name
do you want kids?
If you had accidentally injure someone really bad and this man/woman had a reputation for a killing would you have the guts to kill them? Consider he/she remembers you and knows your face and name.
It's almost 5am and I'm still awake so time for my first poll
What do you consider a late time to go to sleep (not just going to bed, but actually falling asleep)?
What are your Top-3 favorite movies starring Tom Hanks?

which are weirder
Best super power!  (Choose/add 1)
Hugh
Over or under: scallions
If you saw a long line at a food truck you would...
When someone says they hate showering you think
Using tinder when you're in a relationship?
For anyone watching the finale on The Voice...who's your favorite?
Is a burger a sandwich??
Opinions on the Sharknado franchise?
how do you pronounce museum?
Best Troy & Gabriella duet in the High School Musical franchise
What do you call these chairs? (Pic in comments)
Is dessert a part of dinner or a separate meal entirely?
Have you ever wanted to shoot a gun?
Note this is NOT about your viewpoints on gun control. It's your personal desire to shoot one!
Is a hotdog considered a sandwich
How excited are you for The Bachelorette premiere tonight??
which style of bitmoji is better
What was the best Cartoon Network cartoon? (before the logo became "CN" and excluding toonami and adult swim)
Do you prefer your pear to be....
You can only have one. Based on programming when you were a child rather than current.
Have you ever put chips on a sand which?
Thoughts so far on the new season of Twin Peaks?
Does anyone else think the mocking SpongeBob meme isn't funny, or is it just me?
funniest funny man (of these)
How often do you wash your hair?
When you eat pancakes, do you lather your syrup all over those MF or do put it on the side of your plate and dip them?
When you take an uber (or lyft or generic cab) by yourself, where do you sit?
Will Tom K ever figure out how to make a poll
this song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tdyU_gW6WE
Do you charge your phone overnight?
Best drinking song
This needs to be settled once and for all. Which style of pizza is better?
What is THE BEST Kelly Clarkson song?
Best Archer Character
What do you call the game where you whisper something down a line of people and see how much it gets messed up by the end?
Do you consider emotional cheating (being in a relationship but talking to other guys/girls very flirtily or how you might talk with your SO) as cheating?
better sidekick to the boss?
Gum or Mints?(To freshen your breath)
Best Large Pizza franchise?
Will the answer with more than half the votes be 'no'?
My sister brought this debate up at dinner today because apparently one of her classes got pretty heated about it....is cereal and milk technically soup, with milk being the broth?
Prepare for a pollin spree from me again bc I'm in a car ride 
Which is more wholesome?
Mighty taco
Do u find hot air balloons scary
Favorite Bob's Burgers character (feel free to add options)
What is your dream car? Not necessarily realistic, but like a reach car.
What's the best way to cure a hangover?
What time do you usually eat dinner?
This song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnC08oTcdLk
Best Cartoon Network Cartoon of the late 90s/early 2000s?
Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life
Worst Character
when you play the alphabet game in the car, the letter
What is the worse situation to be in? (Not forever, just for an event, say a concert or graduation ceremony or something)
just wanted to see what he's been up to
Man buns...
How many grandparents do you still have alive?
The first time, the majority of the group would rather give up Sports instead of Music. Now, if you had to choose, would you rather live in a world without Dogs or a world without Music?
For each week of your life, would you rather:
thoughts on dirty dancing remake?
Does it really depend?
Star Wars or Star Trek? Which do you like more?
Which cheez-its tickle your fancy?
ðŸŒ­ðŸ‘–ðŸŒ¯
Xbox or PlayStation
Best tv show theme song?
Ewoks?
Best TV Couple of All-Time:
Cicada noise?
In which broader category do you work/will you work post-graduation?
What's the best thing to happen in 2017
would you be able to marry someone if they don't like the same stuff as you (food, music, sports teams, etc)?
When you're getting to know someone you like (texting, first couple of dates, etc), what are things you typically look for?
Did you like Season 5 of Samurai Jack?
How many tattoos do you have?
Anyone interested?
Which is worse
If you were limited to just one song to listen to for the rest of your life which one would you pick?
Do you think a profession painted this and someone paid money for it, or do you think someone painted this themselves and is going to hang it to show off their painting? .... (pic In comments)
Does baby food taste good/do you enjoy eating baby food
Best nickname for McDonald's?
Would you let aliens abduct you if they said they would return you home right after?
Best laffy taffy flavor (the chewy kind, not hard kind bc that shouldn't even be called taffy)
Also I saw blue raspberry, watermelon, and sour apple online but have never ever seen those IRL, so I have a category for "other" Sorry if you've actually had those flavors
This poll was inspired by my brothers graduation that's currently happening. How do you feel about people cheering after their family/friend's name is called? (even tho applause and cheering was asked to be held until the end)
Best kind of pie
How do you pronounce Hylian?
When using a public bathroom, do you expect the toilet paper to be on the left side or the right side of the stall?
Real poll, Do you think you've ever been truly romantically heartbroken
Would you add your mom to this group
For all you Office fans: Michael's photoshop attempt ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚
What popular "good" TV show character is actually a terrible person
What is the ideal number of episodes per season for a TV show?
If I go crazy, then will you still call me ___________?
What is your favorite artificial flavor (I.e. Watermelon candy doesn't taste like real watermelon)
When you're at the gym and someone steps onto the (treadmill/elliptical/other piece of cardio equipment) beside you, you:
Tryna figure out if I'm the only one. Does your Facebook not let you click some of your notifications? Mine has been very annoying for the past 1 month
What's the worst thing about hotels? 
Before Ann Perkins, who was Leslie's best friend?
Who is the best spongebob side character? (Excluding spongebob, patrick, krabs, squidward, sandy, plankton, gary)
Hardest question of the day, Labrador Retrievers or Golden Retrievers 
Basketball fans: who should win the NBA rookie of the year?
How far do you go eating a slice of watermelon ?
Similar to last poll, would you rather deal with 45 of 85 degree weather every day?
Favorite substitute for a curse word
Would you rather have
If given a choice which form of dandelion would you prefer to graze upon?
what's the stupidest injury you've ever gotten
When would you want to peak in life? (Financially, socially, professional)
do you search to make sure you don't repeat a poll
Can you see the resemblance between Jim Halpert and Richard Nixon? (Pic in the comments.)
Growing up, did your parents let you sleep over your friend's house? If no, why?
do you find piercings unprofessional?
do you want to be my friend
What percentage of your Facebook notifications are from this group?
What slang/meme things/etc did you start doing ironically to make fun of ppl then ended up doing it all the time
Read this carefully if you haven't seen already https://twitter.com/PRAYlNGMANTlS/status/864228972330180608
Do you believe?
Are you going to the Chance concert in Pittsburgh on Saturday???
Pecan
How good does it feel when a poll option you added rises to the top of the choices?
When you mess up typing in your password, do you:
Civilizations collapse all the time. What will be the main cause of the collapse of Western Civilization?
Feel free to add other options.
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in this group?
Thoughts on justfly.com?
Your favorite rapper sound effect
In this scenario, a robot can replace a person's job. The robots can replace a bunch of these jobs, and the initial impact will cause a little higher price for the product for a couple months but will drop a bit below its initial price forever after those months. If this happens, many many people will lose their jobs because the robots have replaced them and will be out of work for a while.
Which do you choose? There is no "depends". It is a relatively low price product you regularly buy.
If you had to choose, would you rather live in an area that is 45 degrees everyday OR an area that is 105 degrees everyday (both Fahrenheit)?
On a scale of 0-5, 0 being not enjoyable 5 being suprrrrre enjoyable, how much do you enjoy dad jokes?
****(not necessarily from a dad. I say dad jokes often. I just mean the type of jokes)
Can't believe there hasn't been a poll for this yet. The age old question...
Best character from Up...
best Parks and Rec main character
what's the saddest thing you've ever done
Which slang word is worse/more intolerable?
What animals have you hit with your car?
Have you ever been in a physical fight?
If you've used Etsy before what have you bought/considered buying?
which is worse: ignorance or apathy?
Have you ever fallen victim to a scam? (Explain in comments plz)
Have you ever perpetrated a scam?
Black licorice yeah or nah
What's the weirdest song you've ever had sex to?
Do you use the word "pupper" to refer to:
What do you call a cocktail consisting of vodka and cranberry juice and vodka?
what game show would you rather appear on
What is "Squeeze Box" by The Who about?
If you were correcting a spelling error, where do you put the asterisk?
Last week, a group of Ohio high school students (aspiring police officers) voluntarily got pepper-sprayed in the face for extra credit. So, the question must be asked... 
Would you volunteer to get pepper-sprayed in the face to get one higher letter-grade? (So, you'd go from a C to a B ... or a B to an A).
I'm always afraid to make a poll bc both times I have ppl told me it was already made so I searched the group for this and I didn't see it so plz don't yell at me 
How do you spell this word? Technically both ways are right but
How do you say that hairstyle ombrÃ©
fave child from The Middle
*Knowing my luck this has been done before but I searched and couldn't find it*
What are you're favorite barbecue foods!
Favorite Kendrick album ?
When you post a winky face ;) do you feel weird like you're being sexual but that's not how you meant it?
Which compliment phrasing would you rather hear?
whilst enjoying a lovely summer drive:
If you wanted your child to be aggressively mediocre, what would you name him
Favorite Earth? (pic in comments)
Philly people- how do you feel about calling the Market Frankford Line the El?
Best Mirror Villain
Are you a snob about anything? To the point where you judge people about picking a subpar product?
Would you rather
Would you rather
Pick one
Sixers fans, would you rather
What do you do when a number calls that is clearly a scam/telemarketer? 
Which do you find more fascinating telescopesï¿½ or microscopesï¿½?
What would you do if you found out your roommate was cheating on their significant other of almost a year not because the other person isn't great, but because "gotta keep my options open, I'm young" (it's a 100% committed relationship
What's more annoying?
I want you guys to really really think about this. Have you ever gone to an early-mid 20's house party been stone sober around a bunch of drunk people and had fun talking and conversing with people?
how do you button your shirts
Have you ever hooked up with an ex(significant other or FWB, etc)? 
Obviously, post ending things
Pollers that exercise, When do you work out?
How do you feel about casual use of the word "naughty?" (i.e., "it was so naughty of me to eat that donut; I'm on a diet" ...inspired by a convo at work)
Which pharmacy convenience store
Do you think the Beatles are overrated??
how easily do you get sunburnt?
Restaurant with the best free bread?
Assume that you can add butter.
In honor of finals week and a final I think I bombed. What's the lowest grade you've gotten on an exam?
when you make tea
Who do you care more about in a story/movie/show?
Which do you prefer:
Favorite ðŸŒ stage
Do you prefer running outside or on a treadmill?
If you had to build your franchise around one who would it be?
Which show should I watch(or rewatch) next?
What's your favorite kind of graph
how much would you have to be paid to shave off one eyebrow?
Dr. Pimple Popper.......
When someone says a deer hit them instead of they hit a deer, is it just to make them feel better?
Which Always Sunny reference would make the best band name? Please select the one you would be most likely to listen to, feel free to add better ones if you think of it.
who's sexier (pics in the comments)
Lines need to be drawn. Who is superior? Use whatever criteria you want. Just pick one.
Who is your favorite phineas and ferb character
(In light of a recent poll) What is your favorite Philly slang word/phrase?
Worst overall annual doctor's office experience (uncomfortable, painful, etc)
When sitting at a traffic light do you:
Furbies
best cut of pickle
name this car (pic in the comments)
How do you feel now that the thankful react is gone?
Which dog u choose. Pic in comments
People that announce their internships/jobs on Facebook?
Best Hannah Montana song?
I feel like this has been done but I searched and can't find anything
Despite these two versions of the phrase apparently having opposite meanings, I often hear them being used interchangeably. It honestly perplexes me! Could it be a regional thing? Which way do you say this phrase?
best flavor of pickle
Inspired by unemployed binge watching in preparation for Friday: What's the best Alien movie?
How do you pronounce "GIF"
For all you CS people: Tabs or Spaces?
when someone uses the acronym bf
Before emojis, your go to smiley?
Most dietary inclusive 'made' (cooked/baked) food to bring to a function ?? (So no, you may not say veggie tray, or fruit tray... etc) I'm looking for new ideas so share! 

Chipotle or Moe's
FMK Pancakes, waffles, French toast
which do u like the best?
Would you rather:
Is popcorn a vegetable
Best wii sports game
Favorite Mario character
names that end in an "EEEE" noise, like kitty or scrunchie 
Favorite Sonic character
Is the NBA draft lottery fixed
When frustrated, is it "Ugh" or "Uhg"?
You buy new sheets, do you wash them before putting them on the mattress?
What instrument do you play/used to know/want to learn. Add more!
Would you rather
Which BeyoncÃ© are you when you're belting your face off in the shower?
Best/favorite musical? (feel free to add more)
which dictates (or should dictate, for those of you who are lucky/normal enough to use the same hand for everything and can't relate) your identity as a righty or lefty?
Another sickness related poll. What's worse?
A light poll: do you go to the beach in the rain ?  (Still very warm out, just rainy.)
Should I watch the Bachelorette this summer? I watched last summer and I would describe the entire experience as OK. I really didn't like Jordan
Scenario: you're on a bus or other form of public transportation. Seating is limited, so you have to sit next to a stranger. Later on in the ride, an empty seat next to no one opens up. Do you:
What's the most basic/overdone Halloween costume?
Pool or Hot Tub?
Do you actually use your LinkedIn
Just was away from work for a full week. How many emails are in your inbox upon returning?
You could read people's minds and know what they're thinking about you, but then they'd know what you think about them. Would you do it?
Who's your favorite HSM character?
Most annoying habits of your roomates/ex-roomates..?
Have you ever met a girl that you tried to date, but a year to make love she wanted you to wait?
do you like cilantro?
Okay, weird poll. @Ryan Sax said that I'm like a mix of Shaggy and Spongebob (Don't ask, just hear me out). What animated character(s) do people say you're like? Ask someone if you don't know and add it!
when you dab do you
What's better:
If you were guaranteed financial and career success doing your dream job, would you quit what you are doing now  and pursue that dream job?
The office or parks and rec?
Syrup
Having a snap streak with an ex that you're now sorta friends with?
Do you ever feel like the polls aren't fair/diverse etc.  because the majority of people are from philly/same area and they all agree on the same things?
Can you drive a manual transmission vehicle. There is no "I can drive it in theory". If you can't actually get places without destroying a clutch then you can't drive manual
Who's the better detective?
Do you read film reviews?
Bigger draft bust?
Who's the most underrated rapper?
If you could punch any person on this planet (who's currently alive) without repercussion or punishment, who would you choose?
best pizza sauce
What common illness is worse?
Best music equipment manufacturer? Add more if you see fit! I'm sure I missed a lot. 
Dwight Schrute for FBI Director?
What's actually America's sport
wake me up
What is your favorite Superhero Movie Trilogy?
Thoughts about Kelsey from HSM
does your family home have a clothesline?
how many string is too much string 
Follow up poll: is Philadelphia and the surrounding area the center of the universe?
crunchin' on ice
Cuffed Jeans on guys
Corresponding pictures of my dog for my pole
My wife and I are currently fostering a one year old Lab Shar-Pei mix the possibility of adopting him permanently. His current name is Hershey however we do not feel like that is the right name for him. Therefore we are looking to rename him with one of the following names. Which do you think is best? Feel free to add a name that you think would be a good fit as well.
Look at my corresponding post for pictures of him.
Day drinking: yay or nay?
Carmel
What is, hands down, the worst sitcom you've ever seen?  So bad that you can't even understand how these writers have jobs.
Should we have a Mother's/Father's day style holiday for doggos? Where we buy them presents and take them somewhere nice
if you see one of your friend's (not a close one) boyfriends on tinder do you 
What makes or breaks a cheesesteak? (If this ingredient is not to your liking, it would ruin the whole cheesesteak).
I need to emphasize how much this question is being asked for on behalf of a friend - do you know what color your significant other's nipples are? But more detailed than just brown or pink etc.
Do you buy chapstick based on smell or taste 
(this has divided my roommates and my family and it's inviting chaos into my life)
which disney princess do you think most represents you
are you a part of/do you use facebook groups for interests other than this one for polling? (note: I'm not counting the free and for sale or class of _____ college groups etc etc)
Follow up to the cheesesteak poll, what do you put on your cheesesteaks?
Do you like coleslaw??
How do you typically consume a Wendy's Frosty?
Follow-up: Best Disney villain song?
Which would you rather be?
What is the best whiskey/bourbon?
Favorite cartoon mom? (please add more)
This poll is for an english class project. Thanks to all who fill it out. https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeEAPx3OwdZcfyAIBoWO2vjty_98MNf_fO9z-8DvEQ8zwf6Jg/viewform?usp=sf_link

(if against the rules feel free to remove admins)
Best Kanye song
Which meme is superior?
where is your ideal housing location? 
(assuming you can afford to live wherever)
Do you like olives yes or no?
What are Saturdays for?
Which Disney princess is your favorite?
would you spend money on... 
Most underrated candy (add more)
Is human nature inherently good or bad?
If you could bring back one of these musical artists in the "27 Club," who would it be?
Pollers who are attracted to men:
Is it super freakin' sexy when a man rolls up the sleeves of a long-sleeved dress shirt? 
What's your favorite Nintendo game?
What's your go to beer? (Please add yours)
When you drive with one hand, (eating, drinking, smoking, etc.) Which hand do you keep on the steering wheel?
if you were a cast member on snl would you prefer to be on Weekend Update (in a Colin Jost/Michael Che position) instead of a sketch cast member?
are they called...
La Croix
Would you rather be a part of
Does ice cream cheese cake sound gross
what's the dumbest mistake you've ever said/typed
Fuck, Marry, Kill
do you kinda enjoy being sad
In Mario Karts, after being shrunk by lightning do you think everyone should return to normal size at the same time or based on what place you're in? (last place returns to normal size first, first place returns to normal size last)
What is your favorite cupcake flavor
does anyone want to discuss harry styles's new album with me.
Bohemian Rhapsody
do you eat the butt of the asparagus?
When someone says Michael Jackson, your first thought is...
Do you like mushrooms
Do you get excited when your turn signals or windshield wipers go to the beat of a song that's playing?
Making up a song to your car blinker noise?
Neapolitan Ice Cream, which flavor is your favorite?
Best Full House character?
I've always wondered but never known...what are these for? Pic in comments
Are hot dogs sandwiches?
Did you have a Sweet 16?
Did you ship Katara and Zuko or Katara and Aang?
Best one direction album?
Real talk, what gender do you associate with the word 'sassy' ??
If you were famous, would you be able to date someone that loves you but doesn't like your kind of music? (low key inspired by Hannah Montana Episode)
Would you watch a Cory In The House reboot where cory is now a chef in the White House ?
What's the most petty thing you've done to your roommate?
How often is too often for your roommate's SO to stay over before it's ridiculous/kinda annoying and they basically live there?
What modern band do you think best exemplifies Rock and Roll? (Add options!!!)
best m&m flavor
Do you like sauerkraut?
House of Cards fans: how often do you find yourself rooting for Frank Underwood to succeed?
If you could attend one concert of an artist/singer/performer who has passed away, who would you choose?
Please add options! 
Caption this pic in comments
How excited are you that the flower reacts are back
Would you rather have only 1 buttcheek (1 side has a cheek and one does not, not a unicheek) or have a 6 inch difference in leg lengths
Which overplayed song are you more scared of listening to for the rest of your life? (Add if you can think of any)
Should Matt Bevenour watch Big Little Lies right now?
When we poll this it should say "have you ever read rikki tiki tavi: a story about a mongoose by rudyard kipling"
Which Fargo is better?
Do people still go to Pizza Hut? Is it spank dank?
Ladies, or gentlemen too, whose music makes you feel more empowered/ready to have a great day?
What does the flower reaction mean????? HELP I DON'T UNDERSTAND
You have a red sauce based pizza with mozzarella cheese on it. You can only add 2 toppings and they can be anything you want. What are they? Add more!
which m&m color is the best
This needs to be settled once and for all: How do you pronounce the name of these peanut butter candies....
when you change your clothes in the middle of cleaning your room and the clothes you wore are still clean, you:
Okay sry redoing my poll
What do you call these shoes in comments?
How do you pronounce my name
Pittsburgh Penguins:
Dabbing. The dance move.
This poll is mainly for guys but women chime in if you'd like. Be honest How many pairs of underwear/boxers do you wear a week on average?
Is this pesto or mold on this pizza? (Pic in comments)
What was your go to yearbook signature
Do you ever get annoyed that there are over 1600 members in this group and they're not all participating?
What's worse
For a class project me & some friends have to conduct a survey (imagine it's like 15 polls in one).

Thank you in advance if you take it, I say that also because my group member screwed up the 'Thank you' page 
If you could have any actor or actress play you  in a movie about your life regardless of race or age who would you choose
COUSIN POLL!: is it acceptable to wear socks with sliders?
Cut offs at the gym
If you've been to Walt Disney World (not Disneyland), what is your favorite ride? (Can be from MK, AK, HS, or Epcot and can include rides that aren't there anymore)
Would you rather have a pet tyrannosaurus or be able to talk to your dog? The tyrannosaurus would act just like a dog and could be your best friend. You would only be able to talk to your dog.
What do you do when you've just used the bathroom and realize there's no toilet paper
Inspired by my night hike in the jungle: would you rather
What should I name my fish (pics in comments)
HOW DO YOU PRONOUNCE AMBIENT
Philadelphia Sports Fans: Which one of the four major sports teams would you "kick out of the city/get rid of" if it meant the other three all won championships?
Have you been to any Disney park?
Does your pee smell after asparagus? Genetics!
Inspired by the kan-jam poll, have you ever played spike ball? Discuss! picture in comments ðŸ‘
how often do you take baths?
Do you enjoy typical lawn games such as ladder ball, bocce, kanjam, and cornhole? NOT including badminton/volleyball/kickball etc..
If miniature giraffes existed in the world would you rather have one:
Which Rick and Morty verse location would you frequent the most?
what do you call this? (pic in description)
Do you believe that Walt Disney is frozen and will be unfrozen and alive again at some point in the future
Being inebriated at work?
can you do a flip? (not including the trampoline, pool, etc)
do you crack your knuckles 
Lemon flavored candy?
Should DC accept the Wonder Twins into their main canon?
Would you rather
Did/Do you enjoy Bill Nye Saves the World
Do you believe in fate?
You are doomed to become an undead creature. The only bright side is you get to choose which type you become. What kind of creature are you?
Who is the best live-action Spiderman/Peter Parker?
(Only including Maguire and Garfield. Tom Holland will get his chance).

gyro
Okay, follow up from earlier freaks and geeks poll - who is your favorite character? (feel free to add an option if I missed it!)
if you had to identify with one character on futurama who would it be (leave reasons in the comments)
When a snack food is labeled "thins" do you...
Best Not-PokÃ©mon property
Middle school bar/bat mitzvah sweatshirts/tshirts/sweatpants
What is the best type of Oreo?
Best Cedar Point Roller Coaster!!
Best Amusement Park
best fried chikin?
What's the best thing about your best friends? Add
When there's only broth left in my soup I...
What's your favorite smell?
Is tinder...
One for the ages.
Best Star Wars Planet
White castle
Favorite shark on shark tank?
Do you genuinely enjoy small talk?
would you rather
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
For those of you who identify as female, how often do you call your other female friends "dude" or "bro" during conversation?
Becoming a male escort because these bills don't pay themselves, moral or immoral?
Best meal? Talking about the whole experience, including sides. Not just the chicken.
kraft mac n cheese
Favorite organ? Fill in the rest!
Is it sketchy to give Etsy my SSN so I can sell art for extra cash? It's necessary to make the account.
Is it still considered cheating to make sexual comments directly to another person while you're in a relationship?
Best thing in the world
If you had to rate your sexual orientation on a scale of 1-10, with 1 meaning you're 100% straight, 5 meaning you are equally attracted to both sexes, and 10 meaning you are 100% only attracted to the same sex, what would you rate yourself?
When did you meet your current best friend? Or your current group of best friends?
Worst thing in the world
13 reasons why spoilers ahead pls stop reading if u need to
Did Alex shoot himself or did Tyler shoot him
Trying to settle a debate - Do your bruises get itchy?
What apps on your phone do you always leave open?
Pugs (I know they can be both but choose which you feel more)
Who is the superior Chris?
According to a new and vv dire message from Steven hawking, we have 100 years to find a new planet ('Planet B,' so to speak) or we're all gonna die....what do you think??????
If you could only listen to one band/artist for the rest of time who would it be? Threw out some of my favorites as options feel free to add your own.
Do u have 4th of July plans
IMPORTANT does your grocery store or any grocery store you've ever encountered have a 10/$10 or any similar deal on kraft Mac n cheese that does not discriminate based on shape????
Out of the 5 members of the "Always Sunny" gang, who is the WORST human being? Meaning, who has the worst morals, lowest ethics, has committed the most horrific actions, said the worst things, etc.
When food falls down your shirt and in between your boobs do you:
Do you find it enjoyable when a small amount of sand gets in your sandwich at the beach?
favorite comedy movie?
Best [current] McDonald's McNugget sauce
That thing you sit on in the living room is a... 
best cheese based snack group:
How do you pronounce Caribbean
Best Britney Spears song?
Is 2pac dead
Is a cookie cake a...
Real talk, would you sleep with your boss to get ahead in your career
Best kind of boxed mac n cheese
Take 2. Inebriated for class? You don't have a test or pop quiz. Just a lecture.
Were Rachel and Ross on a break?
(Mainly a question for girls) Do you ever get annoyed at pants or shorts butt pockets because they're so far apart and it makes ur butt look way too big??? Or is it just me?
Greatest Michael Scott quote of all time (feel free to add)
If you had to give one of these up and it would not have any impact on your health (meaning, you would live healthfully without it / you wouldn't need to do it), what would you choose?
Which would you choose (pic in comments)
Best Mario strikers side kick:
People who don't like pets...
do you consider Maryland the south? 
I'm making this a hard yes or no poll even though I'm sure most people (myself included) have a more nuanced opinion) bc I'm interested in what people choose when they're forced to.
Corgis are...
Do you think you could handle dating a celebrity?
Do I adopt the cat or no?
retainers?
Choose one:
What's more scary/interesting to you?
If you're grocery shopping and you realize you grabbed something that you no longer want, do you put it back where you got it or just leave it anywhere?
How many "best friends" can you have
Who's the worst "Friend"
How do you break the yolks in sunny side up/over easy eggs
Best Lindsey Lohan Movie
How long do you wait when put on hold?
Tess unexpectedly and abruptly completely left our group oovoo about 20 minutes ago and has not been heard from since. What has happened to her?
When you went through a "wild and crazy phase" it was.....
Another breakfast poll: what's the worst breakfast catastrophe (add options please)
Who is hotter?
Would you date someone with the same name as yourself, be you same-gender attracted or otherwise?
Snacking in bed:
Are fig newtons a cookie
Favorite friends character
pick one
I have a bunch of shows to catch up on // start watching so I figured I'd let ya'll choose what I binge tonight
Friend of mine posed this question, so I figured I'd see what the pollsters have to say (sorry it's dark). Would you rather
Which of these items does your family have monogrammed in your home, whether it be an initial or your last name:
Do you show your affection for your pet by:
Is the word "Thingie" considered to be gender neutral, or more geared to a certain sex?
When you get too drunk, what emotion usually takes over??
Which of Mike Myers's characters had a greater influence on Shrek?
Caramel
Do you ever feel bad/guilty about eating animal products? (Dairy, eggs, honey etc.)
Is Disney overrated?
For anyones birthday do you
Why do you wear glasses
Celebrity or famous person (including criminals but not on death row) most likely to die in 2017. Add options and discuss
related to the political affiliation poll - is religion (or lack thereof) a dealbreaker for you in a relationship?
Worst condiment? Add more, i cant think.ï¿½ï¿½
Kal Penn
Would you ever date someone with the same name as your dad/brother or mom/sister?
when you poop at home do you.....
Best Jonny Cash song/cover?
Do you sing in the car when you're driving alone? (I shamelessly do this all the time and get weird looks from other drivers.)
Would you rather only be able to have good food, or good sleep. You'll be alive either way like you won't die of hunger or sleep deprivation
Should I go to work today or stay home and rub my dog's belly? 
Photo of her asking for belly rubs in the comments for reference. 
Would you rather live in a world where
What is your favorite conspiracy theory?
How many siblings do you have?
Which pun is better for any impending poll romances
is it gross to incorporate fruity pebbles into desserts (sprinkled, fried, crushed or mixed into)
What's the most irrational decision you've made regarding money?
Best SOLO Kanye West album
How do you pronounce "general tso"?
Do good things happen after 2 AM?
Who was Barney Stinson's best love interest? (Of his serious girlfriends)
Truffle Hog or Truffle Dog?
What's the better party game?
Thoughts on the word y'all
did Amanda knox kill her roommate
is it a deal breaker if a new romantic prospect has a different political party affiliation?
Wanna come to my prty 2nite? (Pittsburgh)
What's worse: Having to poop right after you're finished showering or having to poop in the middle of a run?
Were you in AM or PM kindergarten ?
You want to buy a single slice of New York Style pizza with no toppings. What is this slice of pizza called?
Tom Bergeron 
How do you pronounce the word spelled "water"?
Coffee. What don't you like about the experience?
(Plz add options, you wonderful people)
You guys get railed by finals?
Superior powdered drink
Would you rather
Black and yellow or yellow and black? ï¿½
is PA part of the northeast or midwest
A or b? 
(Pics in comments.)
If you were going to court and needed an attorney, which of these fine public defenders would you choose?
Which do/did you like better?
Best color of bell pepper
Is it ok to poop in the bar/club bathroom?
Which one hurt the most?
How do you feel when you're at a restaurant alone or a bus or subway and there's a bunch of open seats but someone else one or multiple people sit near you?
How many barbers/hairdressers do you have
How do you pronounce "Sriracha"?
hypothetical: say there are two friends and friend a asks out friend b. friend b isn't interested in them as more than friends so they nicely say no. friend a stops being close friends with friend b in return
Baby Groot or BB-8
How do you feel about birds?
Do you enjoy holding other people's babies
Which birds are worse?
Thoughts on the oxford comma: 
Which would you rather fight?
Hello!
My name is Antonia and i am a Psychology - soon to graduate -student from Romania. For my diploma research, i am conducting a Cross-Cultural study regarding how people cope with stress in relation to their cultural values. From my point of view (and many psychology researchers before me) i believe that everybody is influenced by their cultural environment and therefore people react differently regarding their place of birth and growth. The countries included in my study are Romania, Latvia, United Kingdom, Portugal, Spain, Italy, Poland, Slovenia, Sweden and Turkey.

I would really need your help (if you find yourself from one of these countries or currently living in one) to gather participants for each country. If you think you can answer a few questions (no more than 10 minutes) or if you could share it with your friends and family, trust me, SCIENCE would love it and so will I! 

Link for the United Kingdom

https://goo.gl/forms/F0Z865xyYuDIH1Xf1

Link for Latvia

https://goo.gl/forms/iSClmADNbZeUOQwF3

Link for Portugal

https://goo.gl/forms/ah6Qenbm5VKVi8Eg1

Link for Spain

https://goo.gl/forms/r6Rvyia3zr1VZ88y2

Link for Italy

https://goo.gl/forms/RMSe61r0tlWlAvu93

Link for Poland

https://goo.gl/forms/UhgwQrdRdu1TblmJ3

Link for Slovenia

https://goo.gl/forms/iLm4p5NlSHSaawBE2

Link for Sweden

https://goo.gl/forms/PmB3gPIxt7KYJaRO2

Link for Turkey

https://goo.gl/forms/ELET7FeSxrurTUdp1

Thank you very much!
Would you rather be 4 ft. tall or 8 ft. tall?
Which is better?
Would you ratheR
Best political drama? 
Favorite Winston Bishop Quote/ Moment 
Who's hotter?
Best Fantasy/Sci Fi series?
Do you ever feel bad/guilty about eating meat?
Which do you prefer?
Told my younger sister about the polls and she asked me if I could ask this one:
How do lego people do sign language?
Best throwback summer break toy:
Do people take polls too seriously up in here?
Do you watch the great British baking show?
Thoughts on decaf coffee?
What's your relationship status?
What spot is on your bucket list to have sex with someone?
If you had the ability to completely control either of these two concepts, which would you choose?
Top 3 fav comedians (plz add bc I wanna have more people to check out)
is honeydew good
Who is the best Jonas brother
Do u comment on polls or just answer them?
Best song with Girls in the title
How petty do u get when it comes to dealing with an ex where things didn't end well? Feel free to share stories in the comments
Which do you say over text?
How do you feel about people who sing out loud in public while they're listening to headphones
Who do you prefer
How many variations of breakfast food polls can we have
Was OJ guilty or innocent?
What's up?
Favorite Panic! at the Disco album ï¿½
Best middle-aged white woman name?
how do you pronounce cirque du soleil?
How do you eat popcorn
Are you the favorite child?
On average, how often do you go out for a hike?
Who's your favorite character from The Nanny?
When traveling what is the most important factor when deciding where to stay?

If you could eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you had to endure one of these randomly once per day because of a rare disease, which would you choose?
How many plants is too many plants to have
Pick one:
Do you think parents (in general, not necessarily yours) have a "favorite child"?
What do you do when you hate your friend's SO??
Would you rather no one attend:
If you're taking liquid medicine (cough syrup, robitussin, etc) what do you use to take it?
How about a big glass of milk? (cows milk, lets say 2%)
Easy answer
In a hypothetical situation, if your ex- friends with benefits talks to you like you're still friends with benefits and you have feelings for them but then they appear on someone's story and the caption says "my mans" do you:
Until Dawn?
are you attracted to Kevin James?
Would you rather.....
What should my first poll be?
Would you list cereal in your top 5 fave foods?
Do you prefer Jared Leto as...
What's the best use of absolute free time, no commitments to anything for a given day, the world is yours:
Fave Patrick quote? 
Who killed Jonbenet?? 
when going grocery shopping what do you usually say
How do you pronounce "The Berenstain Bears"?
What do you think about space?
What's the most irritating singing commercial??
How do you pronounce the word "mature"
How do you feel about turkey bacon?
Favorite quote from "The Other Guys" (please add more)
vegetables?
Is it childish to want someone to come with you to the doctors office and hold your hand when you have to go get a shot?
People who can't be trusted, please add:
Favorite series on Netflix (not movie)
Favorite my strange addiction episode
What's worse?
When you order at a halal food truck:
When you go to the bathroom, do you
Do you cut your delicious burger in half, or chomp right into it?
Friends, it's time for the most important poll of our lives thus far. All previous polls have prepared us for this moment! 
Toilet paper: Under or Over?
As a non-coffee drinker, I must ask... Is coffee overrated?
Are you lactose intolerant?
Which is more embarassing for a high school team?
How many of you could sing the empire carpet phone number right now ?
Which lion king album is better
This is the question that sparked the interest in creating this group. It was one of the first polls ever, but I made it open to options, not giving me the most accurate answers. Here we go.
Is Jell-O a junk food?
When playing the boardgame "Clue," who is your go-to character that you play as?
How do you know Phil Collins?
what's the thing you push around in the grocery store to carry your groceries?
Do you consider peanut butter to be:
Make it or break it your significant other got plastic surgery to be covered in feathers like a bird
If you are in the bridal party (but not the bride or groom), how much should you be expected to spend on your clothes for the wedding before going with another option? (As in bridesmaid dress or tux, not rehearsal dinner outfit or any other outfit.)
Best History/Discovery Channel shows
What hair color are you most attracted to?
Have you/did you read the polling rules?
How do you pronounce Colorado?
What do you call the game you played as a kid where you sit in a circle and wait for someone to tap you on the head so you can chase them? (ALSO please comment below if you're from Minnesota)
crocs (the shoe, not animal)
What's worse? Choose wisely
What 6ft cardboard blowup head cutout should I get? 
What do you call your close group of friends?
Ya like jazz?ðŸ
IN YOUR OPINION, is a pint of ice cream meant to be eaten in one sitting?
What's your phone background set to right now?
Favorite television political drama:
assuming you're proficient in both which of the two do you think you would have more fun doing
Favorite quote from the movie Airplane (add them)
Thoughts on people who clap (in movie theaters) at the end of movies?
Best Marvel superhero
Racing yourself to the bottom of the kettle cooked smoky jalapeÃ±o chip bag a few too many times a week... what's your best strategy for potato chip portion control? @summerbod2017
When you mix a bowl of icecream up to make it soft do you call it
What are your thoughts on my 20 year old best friend from college having a crush on my sixteen year old sister
How long are your snapchats??
People who post their GPAs on Facebook are...
Pop tart vs toaster strudel
Thoughts on the latest Blink-182 album "California"
What do you think about people who clap when the plane lands?
What's your opinion on unnatural hair colors (pink, blue, etc.)
was told to make this to settle a debate
Does your wegmans have free chocolate chip cookies and/or apples (for kids but not rly)?
Would you rather 
Which shitty college food do you make better than anyone else for some reason?
Top 3 The Rolling Stones songs. Pick all the ones you like. Add more!
Who is the best member of Migos?
should i break up with my boyfriend if he doesn't let me have a meme themed wedding.
how do you cite? 
What's the best version of this name?
fetishes/sexual preferences you have (feel free to add options)
Do you get personally offended when someone doesn't "follow you back" on a social media platform? (Ex. Twitter)
Do you still consider yourself a kid?
Best part of being abroad? I don't mean a specific place, just when you travel abroad what do you enjoy the most?
Best Elton John song (add options plz)
Best way to eat raw celery:
How do you feel about your Uber driver making small talk throughout the ride?
(Please add answers I'm genuinely curious)
Weezy F Baby, and the F is for?
which would u rather be taken to
How do you do laundry
do you feel a compulsion to clear notifications from your phone (i.e. lil red bubble on the corner of apps)
If you could choose just one thing to change about the world, what would it be?
When is it acceptable to use the diminutive version of a name (Danny, Tommy, etc)
MFK: Barack Obama, Joe Biden, Bill Clinton (all single and at your own current age) 
So both these festivals are utter trash this year but if you had to go which one would you go to? (Look up the set list if you're not sure)
thoughts on anne hathaway
What do you call it when rain falls while the sun is shining?

If one member of "The Gang" from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia had to leave the show, who would you be most willing to sacrifice?
self-identify as a...
What's the best version of this name?
What's the best version of this name?
im sitting in my hammock and it just started thundering should i 
What do you do if you're driving and think of a poll??
its finals week should i...
Do you enjoy reading comic books?
Which do you say more often to your friends?
everyone gets pimples, but sometimes you get one that changes your whole week up. what's the worst kind of blemish in your opinion?
who would you rather be best friends with
who is your favorite old friend from old friend's senior dog sanctuary (add options)
Exit
would you rather cut off your non-dominant hand or one of your feet
If you had milk that smelled and tasted questionable but not bad, would you still use it?
Worst Chore
Orange
Favorite currency
How do you eat corn on the cob?
In a relationship, thoughts on being called "baby"
Clickhole or The Onion?
Pretzels?
Best way to get over someone that you're still in love with? (feel free to add options)
Who has the best chips & guac?
Which of the following things would be the most douchy to do
When someone says "chicken salad" your first thought is:
You're at an event. On the table there are several food platters with tongs (think veggies, rolls, cookies- not ANY type of food). Do you...
Amount of money it would take for you to punch your best friend in the face:
Favorite rapper? Add your favorite if not listed, I just put down popular rappers.
when someone says "chicken salad," what do you think of?
Is my dog ugly (pic in comments)
Waiting in the checkout line: Lady in front of you makes sure that everything is in 3 different transactions and pays with a check each time. What do you?
Favorite instrument?
Based on the poll earlier, best Grey's anatomy character?
Do you wear glasses or contacts?
Most annoying commercials/commercial habits
Celery
Do you think "Kiss from a Rose" by Seal is a good song? (If you've never heard it, then give it a listen and decide for yourself)
Which PR nightmare is worse
best form of intimacy
Did you know what the "oh no" meme thing was before you saw me use it?
Do you get salty when a poll option that you added gets a lot of votes and nobody knows it was your genius creativity that thought of it
What's your "Go-to Beach"?
In addition to the earlier shaving poll:
"Man/Lady-scaping"?
What do you think Donald Glover is best at?
Thoughts on Facebook announcements of big life events (new jobs, marriages, babies, etc)?
For a couple who's been together for, let's say 6 months, what do you think would more effectively strengthen their relationship?
Is it a real relationship unless it's Facebook official
Is a hot dog a sandwich or do we all die alone?
Have you developed a strong dislike towards someone you don't know based solely on their polling answers?
Only for people who have seen avatar the last airbender (aka the best show)
Would you rather be
What country do you live in? 
(Feel free to add an option)
I recently found out that 85% of people only breathe out of one nostril when breathing out of their nose. How about you?
Out of 10 times you shave, how many of those times do you cut yourself?
Do you ever worry that if you post too many polls in too short a time frame that some of them won't get the attention they deserve?
If Donald Trump told you to evacuate your city in the result of some threat (biological, terrorist, environmental,etc..), would you?
I ask because Buzzfeed has an article stating how Donald Trump has the lowest approval (36%) and many seem to not trust what he says. 
Don't bring up how you hate Buzzfeed, that has no relevance here.
Ladies of FPP: how often do you paint your fingernails?
Would you pay to have a baby penguin lick your asshole? If so, how much?
Which manning commercial is the most uncomfy?
do you ever dip your steak in ketchup
Mindy Kahling
Where should Grace and I go eat?
What band or artist do you hate that everyone seems to like
Ive been rewatching the last 4 Harry Potter films (thanks to HP weekend on Freeform). So knowing everything that happened in the series, who do you think actually cares about Harry more?
Would you join an all female polling group so you can waste your time in more groups and have a safe place to answer polls on unsolicited dick pics? 
Based on what you know without doing a search, when you hear the term "therapeutic horseback riding" for someone with a disability do you assume the person providing the service is a "licensed therapist"?
Do you like Pentatonix? 
@ Ladies, would you be prefer to be seen in public with pants/no shirt, or shirt/no pants? Not a excessively long shirt, and no undergarments 
What should I do to ruin graduation tomorrow??????
Crunchy or chewy peanut butter?
Is crap a curse word?
Who is the worst character in Grey's Anatomy (add options)
Tough one. Who do you like more on The Office? 
**Pls read my argument in the comment section**
Meatloaf
Best Mini wheats cereal
Fav farm animal
Which is the better song?
which should kt and i mother in our apartment next yr
Been doing a lot of highway driving lately so, dumb people who are dumb and drive in the farthest left lane WHEN THEY ARE NOT PASSING because they are dumb deserve what kind of reprisal? Feel free to add options.
It's 6 o'clock in the morning. You're a construction worker. You may, or may not, have eaten breakfast. What would you rather be brought as for a treat?
Do you use the top sheet?
Is Joe Flacco an elite quarterback?
can you know an artist is problematic (i.e. actor/director/writer) but still enjoy their work? really conflicted on this. 
Who would you rather face
What color hair is this?
What do you think of 13 Reasons Why?
ASKING FOR A FRIEND
Would you rather be an ardvark or a ball?
[SUR]prise or [SUH]prise?
Is Twix brilliant or stupid for their marketing/design in the Right Twix/Left Twix idea? 
http://www.twix.com/twix#nogo
Based on a previous poll...if humans had tails would women be inclined to shave that as well as their legs?
Did you watch the Andy milonakis show?
Would you rather have horse hooves on your feet and hands or an uncontrollable elephant trunk where your nose should be?
do you think that you have a "type" when it comes to dating or sleeping or having feelings for someone?
Can you be addicted to a person? Please explain your reasoning in the comments.
Which do you prefer:
When you drink water straight out of the sink without a cup (i.e. When you're brushing your teeth) do you...
Acai
Should I try to resist becoming a cat lady at 23 or just lean into it
What happens with the majority of your exes?
favorite degrassi character
I'm nasty hung over and my graduation reception is at 10am. Should I
Calorie information on menus? (ex. Panera)
Were you ever bullied?
Best breakfast sandwich bread
sour candy or non-sour candy (this poll does not include chocolate)
If your life was a TV show, what genre would it be?
In the shower do you make a point to
Best Wii Sports Resort Game
In the car, do you prefer?
most underrated disney channel movie/tv show (add options)
In honor of the 30th anniversary since they made their first appearance on The Tracey Ullman Show, who's your favorite Simpsons side character?
(Notes: Side character is anyone who is not the 5 main family members, but also someone significant enough to be recurring. I only added my few favorites on purpose. I want this to be open-ended as hell so when you open it and see a new character you can be like "Oh yea! They're great too!")
If you could saddle up one dino and ride it around as your trusty steed, which would you pick:
Twitter on your phone or on the computer?
Do you wash used red solo cups or throw them out and buy new ones
if you take a bath do you (inspired by dana's fear of feeling like human stew)
which is cooler
If the question for a poll is really long, what do you do?
From the hit 2001 song, Fat Lip, performed by Sum 41, fill in the blank: "the _______ said my mom should've had an abortion."
https://youtu.be/CMX2lPum_pg?t=2m30s
(link to specific lyric for reference)
If you accidentally sleep in when you have class, at what time would you just give up upon looking at the clock and go back to sleep? let's say it's from 9AM to 10AM and a 10 minute walk away
Anyone know a way to get mucus out of your lungs that isn't Mucinex?
What's the most important component to making a pizza a good pizza?
What was the WORST kirby power? (up to Amazing Mirror) Add options!! 
**I left out sleep intentionally, I'm considering only powers that do damage
Do you like Phish?
For those who have watched 13 Reasons Why which is the characters is the absolute worst (not including Bryce because he's the worst and we all now why)
Are you more frequently way too early (to the point it's ridiculous not like 10 minutes) or way too late?
More geography-based questions: Fav NFL team?
How often do you wash your sheets?
do you still sometimes crawl up the stairs on all fours when nobody is looking
How do you pronounce cauliflower?
Do you care about the NFL Draft?
Favorite vegetable
how do you feel about Odyssey articles?
i'm getting ready to go home from school for the summer and all i can think about is how badly i want a calzone from the italian place by my house so im wondering what food you most crave from home while you're away at school
Is it ok for me to use this group to shamelessly plug a gig I have tonight at temple where I'm playing music for like 30 mins?
Favorite show you put on for "background noise"
This could just be a me thing but when you were little, did your parents ever tell you that you weren't allowed to play in a ball pit because the other kids pooped in it?????
Who do you relate more to?
Favorite Arrested Development Character
The thing we need to know, which is better?
Sour cream
Which teen nick show was your jam?
best work song
Which would you rather have?
Would you consider yourselfâ€¦
Which method of "TV show-watching" do you prefer?
Do you suffer from "trypophobia" which is a fear of many small holes, dots, or circles that are very close to each other?
Pizza or Calzone 
Where was America founded?ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸
How many flannel shirts do you own?
Which channel currently has the best original programming? (Old shows don't count and neither do shows available for streaming. Original, current content only)
Where do you want your ashes sprinkled
Have you ever called your teacher "mom" by mistake?
Do you bite your ice cream
Follow up to Taylor's question: in a show about your life, what's an apt character description? Feel free to add options
Which High School Musical sports song is the best
Best Facial Hair Meme For Graduation?
When putting on a belt, which side do you thread through first/which side does the long end hang, and how does this relate to your dominant hand?
Listen to this song. https://youtu.be/MUCmY7SlqHQ 
At 12 seconds, does it sound like the background is singing "vagina"?
Do you have an idea for an app that you think would absolutely change the world but are too scared to discuss it with your friends/possible investors? If yes, please pitch your app Shark Tank-style below. 
What's your go to breakfast? Include your ingredients. (Example: granola, milk, banana)
If you see someone who you know is a fellow poller out in the world what do you do?
Another HP poll.. Favorite Hogwarts Professor? (you can add more)
Chicken Livers
Do you know what smell I mean when I say "the smell of a babydoll"
This poll is really about sports but it could be tailored to anything: if you have no stake in who comes out on top do you usually root for...
Movies that wrecked you emotionally
Time to ask the hard hitting questions this was made for. A strange old man is asking you to send him 3-5 pictures of yourself a week. The requests could get pretty weird but nothing that would cause you any harm. No one will see them but him and if he ever leaks them you would get a large sum of money. What is the minimum amount of weekly pay you would take to do it?
Do you listen to Podcasts?
Are Male cardigans still in?
What do you do with the change (coins) after making a cash purchase?
Is mayonnaise an instrument? 
blackhead removal videos
what is the order of high school musical best to worst 
Please take this survey! It's only three questions, two of them yes/no answers. 


Pick One:
wes anderson's best?
Do you ever think about if there was a show about your life, would people like you or not like you?
If you were guaranteed admittance into the college/university of your choice, would you transfer out of your current school? (If already a graduate, apply this to your undergrad years) Explain if you want in the comments below!
Best Natalie Portman film? (Saw the No Strings Attached poll and it got me thinking)
What would be the Dr. Dre version of "Beets, Bears, Battlestar Galactica"?
Which is better?
Favorite font (sorry, gotta pick one ðŸ˜ )
If humans were to have tails, would they be... 
Fifth Harmony
Which lyrics have you misheard?
Based on a true story: Imagine you get a new pet but you don't want to name it some overused name (Buddy, Spot, Goldie, etc), what FONT name would you name it? (can add options)
hammocks?
Hard or soft e in presentation?
Chicken pot pie:
Which of these bugs would you least like to see in your living space?
If you could have one of the Deathly Hallows, which would you pick?
Should I bring my kittens to 'Bring your kid to work day'?
Better Hillary Duff line
Ok so finally after a month, I'm ready to write my first poll ðŸ˜ƒ. My question: is it too late a month?
Hahaha no jk it's not this (cs of course a month it's too late, lol).
Real question: how much time do you spend on this group in an average day (everything counts, like reading polls, taking/giving polls, commenting, reading comments, or even thinking about what to write on a poll, etc...).
Feel free to add option, even though it'll surprise me someone spending that much time XD.
Tacos
Specific/Tough one: Which show is better?
All day frat/house parties
which would you rather have?
Do you actually enjoy school/uni/your work?
If you plan to own a dog one day all by yourself (or have gotten your first dog already), what will be the 1st breed you get? pls add options
If you could "start over/go back to" college again (as a freshman), without the knowledge or understanding of what you did during your first time as a collegiate student (essentially, you hit the reset button), would you do it?
Have you ever heard the word "drat"?
which do u prefer
Tried to get a guy in front of me at steak n shake to join this group did he....
Do you use dryer sheets?
You are on a first date and end up back at their house. You go to the bathroom and poop, only to be left with the horrifying realization that the toilet will not flush. You see an open window to your right. You:
(Oh COME ON guys you can't fix the toilet fuck outta here with that cop out!!!)
do you and your roommates crawl into bed with each other
What do you do when you accidentally like something? Like as in like something on Facebook.
https://68.media.tumblr.com/2832fccdd75fa58c20f0ed56694e8cab/tumblr_odrh6jCOcK1tb8iyko1_500.png
An incredibly pressing question for all. Which Tim Gunn face best matches your internal feelings right now?
Cookies
Chocolate brand
Out of these three, who is your favorite?
Are you attracted to Bo Burnham?
Favorite childhood (not young teen) book series:
would you rather
Favorite memes?
Your fav TV show. TOP ONE.
which of the two did u like betta
Fight fight fight fight
How do you pronounce the name of this highly caffeinated drink?
brownies
Best place to drink beer?
How many miles does your car/the car you drive most often have?
disney's Cars (2006)
When making an omelette, do you flip your eggs in the pan?
Should Caity Berk let me buy her a milkshake tonight
favorite pop (or soda for those of you who are wrong)
Do I want to have a shitty beer while writing my lab report since I'm turning it in late anyways and it's a first draft?
Which cheetah girl did you want to be?
Are you at/watching the Broad Street Line a Capella concert right now???
Old books you loved as a kid (or even now(. I'm talking 1990s or earlier...
Thank you for supporting us in what was mine and a lot of other people's last concert, friends! I really appreciate you all!
My friend and I came up with a business idea that we think is pretty cool - we want to create a bra that's sold as two separate pieces for girls whose boobs are different sizes - so you could buy a right side bra half that is size C, for example, and a left side bra half that is side D, and clip them together in the front middle. Thoughts?
Has school made u cry in the past month? 
My best friend is trying to uninvite her date to formal. How should she do it?
Feel free to add options
Do you say merry, marry, and Mary the same
do you crack peanuts from their shells, or do you just eat the whole thing?
Is there a moment in your life you wish you could go back and change so your life would be completely different now?
If yes, feel free to share, but only if you're comfortable sharing.
What has been your experiences with group projects in school?
Best Disney villain
What do you dip your fries in? 
What do you think of my doggo (see picture in the comments)
Follow-up to the rounding colors question: What color is this tennis ball? (photo in comments)

Should Broad Street Line TU give a shot out to their polling brothers, sisters, and others watching the show?
What is Danny Devito's BEST role as an actor?
Who is the better twin
People are being loud outside your window do you:
Better fight
if you were stabbed would you 
Do u get anxious when someone asks you to get on aux
When You Shit and Wipe Do You...
harry or marv?? (picture in comments as a friendly reminder)
Do you ever engage in the occasional petty theft
Favorite Rap Group? (Those that have more than two members).
Most underrated Netflix series?
People are hanging out on the train tracks that u usually hang out on. Do you ask to join the large group which seems more fun, join the singular person for a more intimate connection, or does your social anxiety force you to just go home? 
(Picture in comments)
What did you do to celebrate the earth today
Do like Lisa Frank's art?
Are you at Hannah's house right now?
Who did you idolize the most as a child?
To past and present college students: How early did you usually try to get to class?
Barbecue sauce
Have you ever walked in somewhere and someone said/you said "oh I know you from the polls"
If you're at a friend's place and you've rung the doorbell twice, and texted and called them multiple times, do you:
I'm working on a project for my Social Entrepreneurship class. The goal is to create a social enterprise which helps reduce women's recidivism rates in Ohio. Our idea is to train women currently incarcerated to become fitness instructors upon re-entry.  There are requirements to get into our program, one being that the crime is nonviolent. With that being said, would you feel comfortable going to a fitness class knowing that the instructor spent time in prison due to a felony?
Hello random group of people. This is a group intended for asking random poll questions with a good distribution of types of ppl for when you're arguing with your friends about something and you wish you could ask a bunch of ppl. Thx 4 the support.

Feel free to make your own polls!! And yes you can INVITE FRIENDS! Ppl have been texting da admins asking if they can invite people but you don't have to ask. In the words of Nike and Shia Labeouf: JUST DOOO ITTTTTT

Plz read the rules in the pinned post for happy polling for all!

Creators:
Taylor Humphrey
Tess Gavin
Kerry Regan

Admins/Moderators:
Dylan McKessy
Caity Berk
Sam Chubbuck
Matt Bevenour
Sam Halpern
Katrina Miner
Choose one of these to defend you from the rest
Regardless of what it truly is supposed to be, how do you use this emoji ðŸ™ŒðŸ»
A garbage plate sounds...
(It's a Rochester thing. Basically a plate of home fries, Mac salad, and burgers with sauces on top and you eat it together)
What's your favorite style of beer?
paulacahill.com
Peaceful ways to end wars (add your own!). Peaceful as in countries wont go to war if they take these alternatives. The alternative itself doesnt have to be peaceful.
If dolphins could #blazeit would they....
There is a burning building that you were just told was about to collapse. It is your job to go into the building and save lives, you have all the equipment and abilities to do so. Those who escaped the building tell you there is a dog and a person still in there. The dog is on the first floor and the person is on the second floor. Both are injured. Knowing this, you conclude that you only have time to save one life. Saving both will take too long. Who do you save?
Responses from college students would be appreciated! 
Best Lion King character?
Pronunciation of dwarf:
Best Tony Hawk video game
Do you enjoy Seinfeld
What is your favorite US state? 
(re: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0POHnKF2pH4)

Do you find Amy Schumer funny?
Which do you like better for long drives?
Movie buff alert! Regardless of makeup, effects, or even acting chops, which PotA movie(s) have the best story line?
What are your thoughts on "No Technology" policies made by teachers and professors?
What is the best/your favorite of the seven classical types of love? (Great article for in depth explanations https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/hide-and-seek/201606/these-are-the-7-types-love)
Do you like or dislike thunderstorms ?
Raisins:
Follow-up Weasley poll
Favorite Weasley child
Be honest: have you ever baked a cake?
Best name for Marijuana
Saw this one in the paper today: Should everyday technically be Earth Day?
Ayyo. Do you consider "For Polling Purposes" a standalone form of entertainment (as opposed to scrolling down normal Facebook or using other forms of social media)?
Would you prefer a
My friend's boss has a 3 foot-by-2 foot hand-drawn portrait of himself hanging in his office. Thoughts?
do you know someone (1-3 people even if there is a group!) looking to sublet in pittsburgh this summer? if so, pls message me i am desperate and have no shame
Who's better:
When you drink something too cold too fast, what happens to you?
Which do I like more
Best SVU male *purposely excluding the people I excluded sry bye*
what impresses you more of the two?
how do i prioritize my money in the last two weeks of skool
real talk
Best season of The Office
Fave snack when you get the munchies
You're working in retail and suspect a customer is attempting to steal an item valued under $30. Your boss is on their break/in the back/unavailable. There are no other employees around. Do you:
Alright music won the last round. NEXT round.
WOULD you rather live in a world without music or a world without flavorful food? Imagine soy lent as your permanent food source.
4  (add more)
When you go UP an escalator, do you....
When interacting with puppies, kittens, babies, or whatever smol creatures strike your fancy, what does your voice do?
Can you successfully tie a tie? 
do you have a finsta? (finstagram) ((fake instagram)) 
Have you ever fainted? Comment how and where
Time to end this once and for all. Which would you rather live in?
Would you be interested in a group called For Pupper Purposes that would basically be like Dogspotting but we could all just post pictures of our dogs all the time?
Which do you enjoy the most?
is your hair
Happy 420 y'all!!! Who is one person you wish you were celebrating today with? (Please add options!)
Who thinks they could do the Wade Boggs challenge and just complete in one sitting, not timed?
Is anyone else scared that Rex will use a friends phone to check on this group and see that he has ascended to memehood and unleash is barefooted fury upon us all?
This is in relation to a recent poll.  So far, I've noticed 3 people have said they've gone barefoot to stores and 3 people have said they've gone barefoot to restaurants.  (Many have said driving, at work and outdoors.)  
What types of stores and/or restaurants have you ever been barefoot?  It doesn't matter if it was a one time fluke or is something that's done on a regular basis, either way counts.
This poll is in relation to a poll by Taylor Humphrey, "Gina thinks I have small feet but I thought I had average size feet and I'm questioning everything. 
What size are your feet for women's shoes?"
I think the average size female foot is 7.5. Anything else is either small or large. That is in regard to "length". What width are your feet for women's shoes?
Who TF is Rex
This made me think of all the Rex drama. I guess he and my friend should be friends!
What is something about your life now that your 16 year old self would be surprised about?
So which is the better holiday?
not necessarily a poll.... but i need help lol. 
for those of you that have traveled abroad (specifically Ireland) what are the necessities to pack!? 
please and thanks lol 
Dolphins or Sea Lions? ðŸ’¦
STAT POLL!!! how tall are you?
I have to distribute this quick survey for a marketing class that I'm in. It is only four questions and takes one minute. To make up for me annoying you all, I will also post a fun poll! 
Okay serious one: which would u rather live in?
Love can encompass everything from love for others romantically, love for friends, love for passions, etc. (therefore you won't love music if it's your passion, but you will still enjoy it!)
Is this enough to beat music? Pick one:
If cost weren't an issue and the people you live with didn't care, what temperature would you set the thermostat to for your house/apartment? In ÂºF
Have you ever made out with a member of For Polling Purposes
Do you shower when it's raining?
have you ever had an Irish potato? (picture in the comments)
What is the highest priority, crazy non-normal thing (like having a family or getting a certain career) on your bucket list?
Here's where we start getting the hard hitting questions
What should I watch RIGHT NOW
Pizza rolls or bagel bites ?
best TV (!!!) teacher
Best sandwich/sub chain
Least favorite Shameless character(s)? (Please avoid spoilers in comments)
Which makes your ears bleed the most?
Do you consider yourself to be good at reading aloud?
(e.g. if a professor calls on you to read something)
When you wear a baseball hat, do you prefer wearing it: 
For polling purposes, what age range are you in?
In the context of the show, who did you like better?
Should I go to Pittsburgh this weekend (aka Friday and Saturday bc I have something in buffalo Saturday night and buffalo is on the way back home help)??????
opinion on someone named Jarett? (no offense to anyone w the name)
Favorite MINOR Hogwarts student. 
This poll excludes:
-every Weasley
-Hermione
-Harry
-Draco, Crabbe, Goyle
-Luna, Neville
-Cho, Cedric
-ghosts

How old were you when you drank your first beer?
When you go to a fast food place do you usually order:
do you know what a tangelo is (without googling it)
Where have you gone fully barefoot, (past or present)?
Please, choose as many options as apply and/or leave a comment.
You're pretty tired in the middle of the day. Is a nap a good idea?
For those who have seen both, which is better
Is it best to be 
Is it weird to know that every second of every day, someone somewhere on this Earth is pooping?
When I open the group and see a new post
gimme ur fav carbs 
For those of you who watch both shows, who is the better charter played by Zach Woods?
Is it weird to borrow a Significant Other's Socks?
Do you consider yourself a troll?
Are you scared of going to the dentist?ðŸ˜¬ðŸ˜¬
I wonder what will winÂ¡Â¡!
Pick one:
How cool is my mom in this polling group
self explanatory
which character does Michelle/Hans look like the most? #Werther #TempleMade #Hans #Daddy #NaughtyChild  (pics in the comments)
Do you call your paternal and maternal grandfather/grandmother the same thing?
Pick one
Best burger toppings
Hypnotism is probably ...
who'd ya have a soft spot for?
What do you call your grandfather?
For all you college basketball fans, which college basketball duo would you rather have for 4 years
If you ever went to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, would you buy a wand? (If you have already been, did you?) 
$40+
how often do u really shower
Do you feel like your job pays fairly for the amount of work you do/responsibilities at your workplace?
Okay, it looks like this hasn't been asked so I'm going for it...
Does size matter?!?
Would you rather serve full 10 years for a crime you did not commit, in a maximum security prison in the U.S.A. or kill an innocent person without legal consequences?
When you get home after a long day, what are you more likely to watch at night, out of these two?
This is a very specific debate I'm having with a friend. To all you people who know how to spin a basketball on your finger, which finger do you use?
"Once a cheater, always a cheater" in regards to a romantic relationship... true or false
better of the two?
Best Hitter of the decade?
How does killing bugs make you feel
Check which most accurately applies:
Follow-up on the train poll:
A train is still barreling towards 5 unsuspecting people. Instead of standing on the bridge with a random person, you are standing there with your sibling (parent if you have none). Your siblings body will be enough to stop the train from killing the 5 unsuspecting people. What will you do?
When cooking spaghetti and looking to fit them in the pot, do you....
Best food peanut butter pairs with:
Do you look at the tissue or toilet paper after you blow your nose/wipe??
Would you rather lose your wallet or lose the game?
Worst place to stand in a crowded elevator?
More Harry Potter: favorite of Hagrid's animals
Favorite Weasley 
What do you think of the word "jawn"?
What do you think of K-Pop?
When boarding a plane and walking by first classers on their phones, do you:
Sandwich- toasted bread, pb, lettuce. Heard of it??
my soul
FREE - Rochester, NY

Selling my soul to the pollers
ATTENTION MIDDLE CHILDREN: Do you suffer from middle child syndrome?
What are they doing in area 51?
Ketchup location preference with things like fries, hash browns, home fries, etc.
How do you pronounce "adult"?
Where are you when you poll? (Sorry if this has been done before!! Tried searching for it but could not find it, pls tag if I copied <3 )
A runaway train is barreling towards 5 people who are tied down on the tracks. You are on a bridge above the tracks with an extremely large person. You know if you push the person off the side, their body weight will be able to stop the train in time for the 5 people to be saved. You jumping off will not be enough to stop the train. What do you do?
How often should you condition your hair?
Can you read music?
Crossing Forbes
Pollers like surveys too and my friend asked me to spread this around for her marketing class!! 


Tess Gavin fan club?
Best rapper alive?
A runaway train is barreling towards 5 people who are tied down on the tracks. Beside you is a lever you could pull to divert the train away from those people, but towards a person standing on the other track. You would:
What kind of crocs should my good friend, Hannah Murray, get?
Would you rather.... 
Hypothetically, you get a speeding ticket. It's 2 hours from your home and the court date is a Monday at 7:30 (giving you enough time to leave your FT job and get there). Do you go to court, since you know it will lower your fine and points on your license, or do you plead guilty and not have to go?
How the eff do you make polls on mobile now? Dont see an option
Word that you say that everyone says you say weirdly?
If you had to delete your accounts on all these forms of social media and you get to keep one, which do you keep?
It has come to my attention that a childhood favorite of mine is, apparently, not normal. So fellow pollers, have you ever heard of a peanut butter and pickle sandwich?
Do you think you'd have the willpower to shoot yourself in the foot if you had to?
How much do you like garlic bread? (added options are welcome)
Name this fetus. We need any and all inspiration (actual or humorous) for names and are not finding out 'gender'. Run free. Pic in comments.
Have you ever "browned out" from drinking? (ie you only remember bits and pieces of the night and find out later on that there are parts you don't remember and may or may not then be able to remember)
Would you rather sit at a desk...
Hoagies?
Favorite Australian animal (you can add options this time)
Have you ever seen someone you know in this group and have no clue how they got here (think random high school friends or acquaintances, current classmates, etc)
Do you listen to music while you study?
On a scale of 1-5 how SOLID would you feel booking a flight on United Airlines?
Picture in comments
Is the Easter Bunny bigger than your dad?
"Jawn"
If you got blocked from the polling group today with no explanation, what would you do?
Best throwback YT vids
fave one direction member
When trying to name all of the 50 states, do you sing Fifty nifty states in your head?
Now bc Sam, Caity, Kerry, Tess and I are talking about pronunciations I'm wondering how you would say "Zulema Street"
Okay so our government has drafted men and women to fight in WWIII. You decided/haven't had the opportunity to dodge the draft and run away. So this dude gives you a gun and says where would you rather be stationed to fight. You say.....
(feel free to add countries that would make sense)
if you were running for public office how do you feel your polling answers would alter your popularity
When making pasta
This isn't a poll, but it's sort of a follow up question to the dream poll. What was your most elaborate/crazy dream that you remember? Please share in the comments
Does this kid (picture in comments) look like a human nipple?
Does anyone know of a way to receive notifications for polls you have posted? Like who has responded to your poll and what not?
I don't know if this has been polled.
If you were a candy bar, what would you be and why?
best food network show? (past or present)
Who is the better character?
Do you like when a restaurant puts a lemon slice in your water? 
Which triforce?
Which Count Olaf do you prefer? (Elaborate in the commentsðŸ‡)
Who's your favorite major network 11:30 pm late night host?
If someone invites you to an event on facebook and you RSVP as "maybe" or "interested," what do you actually mean? 
have you ever been towed?
When you open a brand new tub of butter, do you
Is it okay to hookup w someone that doesn't like polls
Do you find peeling an orange to be a difficult, almost daunting, task?
Favorite Jolly Rancher Original flavor?
Alright the Easter bunny, Santa Claus, and the tooth fairy are in a three way cage match to the death. No weapons or magic is allowed, who's coming out on top? Wrestling names included
Being engaged senior year of college:
If you are wearing a watch and about to have sex, do you take your watch off before?
Harrison Ford:
Do you prefer salsa or guacamole
Which of these places is it weird to go to alone
On a scale of 0-5 (0 being extremely easy, 5 being extremely difficult), how difficult is it to peel an orange...not a clementine. An orange.ðŸŠðŸŠðŸŠðŸŠðŸŠðŸŠðŸŠðŸŠðŸŠ
What is acceptable to put ketchup on? All options
How do you pronounce mayonnaise
How do you pronounce Kerry Regan's last name?
Asking the real questions here, Would you date one of your friend's exes if they were really hot/ you really liked them
What is your favorite cake flavor?
Are you excited about April finally giving birth?
you see someone at their job on a sunday morning (maybe even easter sunday) covered in glitter. you think to yourself:
Have you ever clicked a "subscribe!" link on a Youtube video?
do you genuinely enjoy eating mcdonalds sober
OJ preference?? *The improved version*
Do you wipe sitting or standing? ðŸš½
Orange juice
How do you like your orange juice?
What do you like on your pasta (choose up to 3, add options) feel free to comment your favorite pasta recipes
How do you usually dream?
Airplanes? What's the big deal?
Better Jerry Trainor Role:
I sleep mostly on my-
Coconut oil for non-cooking purposes?
Mmmmm bagels..
Best guilty pleasure musical artist (add options duuuuuuuhhhhh)
How would a dolphin snort cocaine? (Photo in comments)
What do you call the topping used in cakes and cupcakes?
Finish the expression "I got it down ______
For coding only (add more)
How do you feel about hard boiled eggs?
ðŸœðŸœðŸœ
What do u do while driving long distances alone
When this group initially started, did you think it would consume your life?
the word "crayon" is pronounced...
Do you consider yourself good at beer pong
Snakes or Snails?
Do you consider yourself to be a feminist? (Don't want this to get political, curious for a paper I'm writing)
Do you like your milkshakes less thick so you drink them with a straw or more thick so you eat them with a spoon
How many times have you watched the new Star Wars trailer?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qsg0fku78o
Biggest lie a teacher/prof ever told you... 
(Feel free to add)
most underrated office character
Follow up poll...have you ever told someone "thank you" or something equally as bad when they told you they loved you
Favorite Michael Scott "character":
askin the real questions: would u bang bruno mars?
my friend needs help with an art project!! if you had to summarize the plot of any TV show or movie in two words what would it be?
for example!!! Monsters Inc: AHHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHA
Hey guys! A friend of mine made this poll for class, she'd really appreciate the input!


pick one
When you're in the left lane (passing lane) and someone comes up behind you, you...
trying to settle a debate. guys: best way a girl can show they're interested without being creepy? (add options pls)
Would you rather be really really incredibly good looking but extremely dumb or a super genius but absolutely hideous?
What do you call the license you get before your permanent license?
Which is the best?
Let's say you're single, would you rather get with unattractive guys/girls for 1 year or get with no one for a year
What do you do when your house doesn't have Internet and 90% of your data has been used
How do you pronounce Toronto?
Snapchat/insta stories:
Settling an argument:
Would a slug make a cute dorm room pet?
Katy Perry or Taylor Swift
usually i say......
Inspired by a poll I made on Twitter last year, lets see how you guys feel about it 
Would you rather:
Assuming You Suffer From Allergies, What Meds Work Best For You? Home Remedies? Please Add Options As I Am Preparing For The Season and comment with anything that needs explanation, things that don't work, severity of your allergies, etc.
You are on a camping trip and just loaded up a fatty marshmallow onto a stick to roast over an open flame. On a scale of 1 to 5 how much do you roast your marshmallow before consumption? (1 being raw/slightly warm) - (5 being completely charred)
Margaritas ðŸ¹or SangriasðŸ·?
How do you pronounce the first meal of the day?
EDIT: I SCREWED UP
Acoustic Piano or Electric Keyboard?
in which way to you emphasize the word "admin"
Do you prefer 
If you had to rewatch episodes of the same show for the rest of your life which show would never get old
Thoughts on wearing fedoras
Is it petty to sell your ex's clothes if he was petty?ï¿½
There is an empty two-seater table in front of another two-seater table, that has one person sitting at it. The person is sitting in the chair facing the empty table that you are approaching. At the empty table, do you sit in the chair that is facing the same direction as the other person (not facing that person's table), or do you sit on the opposite side of the empty table, so you are both facing each other with two empty chairs in between?
You go to the cinema and they have an assigned seating system in place. Irrespective of knowing how busy the cinema/movie will be, do you:
When you hear someone say, "Hello?" What song lyrics do you automatically say in your head?
What's everyone's go-to movie to watch when you're sick? 
Is it...
What time does everyone go to sleep (feel free to add earlier or later times)
Best childhood pool game
Follow up: What time does everyone wake up (again feel free to add times)
follow up to kt's q:
are you generally happy with your height
Will you put socks back on your feet after taking them off?
Settle an argument. Best tasting Honey BBQ Boneless Wings?
Grilled cheese dipped in...
Who is the worst out of these?
worst response to "i love you"
Do you know what Arbor day is?
People who knew me in high school: Be legitimately honest. I will not judge. 
Am I better person than I used to be, approximately 2011-2012?
I'm sorry if this has already been done, I searched and couldn't find anything! 
Which cartoon food do you want to try the most
How many times have you watched the office
do you ever feel left out in this group cause you dont live in pennsylvania (including going to school in)?
I know there's been a best decade for music poll..but now if you could ONLY listen to one decade worth of music which would it be?
(If there are any other decades just add on! And no you can't do something like 65-75).
Do you have a legitimate fear of something?  
If so, list what you're afraid of (not the actual term).
Mustaches
Super Specific Poll: I have to film something for a class project at 2:00 AM tomorrow morning. What should I do?
Have you had a poll removed from this group either because it was a duplicate question or not appropriate?
Best Avatar the Last Airbender character (don't include LOK characters)
Did your school have a science fair? If so, did you participate?
You get to work somewhere between 5 and 10 minutes early. Do you loiter outside or do you just go to work?
if bowling balls were shaped like eggs where would the finger holes be?
What's your favorite flavor of margarita?
If aliens invaded would they be like "damn, earth go hard"?
Absolutely saddest song you can think of (lyrics wise). Start adding yours!
what is this called? (picture in comments)
Which of these items do you store in the fridge (Rather than the cupboard or pantry)?
*Inspired by that last poll about butter
Does the smell of rain make u thirsty- or is that just me??
Which is it?
Margaritas
Soda or Pop?
Do you stand..
Favorite summer-y drink?
An acquaintance invites you to a party? You aren't super close with them but you decide to go anyway. Once you get there everyone starts getting naked and it turns out you are at an orgy. Assuming you are single and already at the party do you stay and partake in the activities or do you get the hell out of there
Would you rather have to watch Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2, 10 times in a row sober or only drink Muscle Milk for a weekend
If you got a sub that had deli meat, cheese, lettuce on it and it was refrigerated, how many days is it still okay to eat it?
Which is better?
What's the best hard cider?
Been arguing with my "friend" about this for an entire HOUR. I'm not going to tell you what I think to keep the bias out but just know I will note your response and treat you accordingly. What makes more sense: Lip Syncing or Lip Singing?
Best starburst flavor (original)
do you pay for your own Netflix or schmooze someone else's?
Cereal
Best Pitbull song? (It can include songs featuring pitbull IDC)
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
If you went to Miami and DID NOT see Pitbull you would be....
How do you keep your butter sticks?
On your usual commute what lane do you find yourself driving in the most?
What allergy medicine do you use
Most dangerous sport? 
Feel free to add your own
On the subject of the French fry/tater tot debate: if you were forced to give up French fries, what else would fall under the umbrella of what you give up. Choose any and all options you believe fit the bill
Ketchup on Pizza
Do you...
You are in a public bathroom with four stalls. The bathroom is entirely empty besides you. Which stall do you use?
What words do you overuse in papers to sound like you have knowledge of the field when all you really have are vague feelings to contribute?
I'm currently scrolling through the polls in this group while sitting in a class where we are debating the Kendall Jenner Pepsi ad. Opinions?
Ok I went ahead and did it because why not. This can be the master playlist. We can derive others from it. Everyone throw all your favorite tunes in here. We can set up studying, workout, party, etc. later, but I just want to see everyone's music tastes. All sounds welcome!
what do you crave most often
feel free to add, these are just some of mine!!
Hi polling people!! If you could please take this survey for my class i promise i will share my #stats when its done!!
Favorite childhood album

Better crime film based in Boston? 
Ketchup on...
Is it weird to do adderall that you find on the floor of a public university library?
When speaking out loud do you say lol as one word or each letter like L-O-L
which dance is the best
what do you appreciate more in a song?
Star Wars Poll: Rey or Jyn? 
For those of you who workout and use supplements, I have a super short poll I invite you to participate in. Id really appreciate all the feedback I can get <3


If you were a sentient continent, which continent would that be? (Why in the comments possibly?)
Who were you in high school, classified stereotypically
Who would win
Party time! Excellent!
Are apples too loud to be eaten in class
Best Living Meme
Would you rather have a night like McLovin in Super Bad or have sex with any celebrity one time?
After seeing the study music poll, I thought it'd be really sweet to get a collaborative Spotify playlist together for everyone. Is anyone interested in a For Polling Purposes Playlist?
(We can hash out the deets in the comments)
Best breakup song! (add a bunch so I can sit in my room and cry about how lonely I am)
What are you more afraid of?
Have you ever been arrested and charged with a crime? Not detained, pulled over, but transported via LE vehicle to booking department of a jail, etc. (Serious question, criminology degree asking)
What type of music do you listen to when you study
What do you think of "glee" cover songs?
(glee as in the fox series, not individual glee clubs)
Which is the better Journey song?
Have you ever considered physically fighting a member of this group over their poll response?
Do you like needles for medical purposes. I.e shots and blood tests etc. feel free to add details as to why in the comments
Which is your favorite pattern to wear on clothing?
If you had to go to a mandatory meeting every week, would you rather it be Sunday at 6pm, or Monday at 9pm? (These are the only two options)
Have you developed a crush on someone in the polling group based on their poll answers/comments?
Which movie or show has the scariest zombies?
Do you think I'll find true love in this group?
What is the toughest sport to play? Feel free to debate in the comments.
Best karaoke song
Best cold cut
how do you usually season things? 
who would win in a fight?
Are there any "swear" words that actually offend you?
Do you think "aliens" exist?
Solve a disagreement with my roommate: is this model a man or a lady? (Pic in comments)
In your opinion, will you buy the music boxes in the picture for kids? Please leave your opinion in the comment, I cannot figure out how to add pictures to the poll.
What temperature do you prefer your showers to be? (just need to see if I'm a weirdo for liking ungodly hot showers)
Is there really such thing as true objectivity when it comes to expressing opinions?
Do we like Alyssa Pagliaro better as a blonde or brunette?! Pics  in comments!
If you had to completely give up one of these two concepts, including everything that falls under the category, which would you choose? 
Music: Listening to music, concerts, singing, etc.
Sports: Playing, watching, attending sporting events, etc.
Select all that apply
This woman that I work with makes her PB&Js by putting the peanut butter and the jelly ON THE SAME PIECE OF BREAD! Is this or is this not a crime against humanity?
Polling spree. If you could be any mythological creature what would it be? 
Feel free to give reason behind your choice.
Hey guys,

So for my food marketing class this semester I had to come up with a new product related to food. I've decided to create a new company that sells plain chips packaged with flavored powered. What this entails is that you have the option to put as much/little flavor on your chips as possible to go along with your own personal preference. Think of it as those seasonings you can buy for popcorn, but instead this is for chips. If you could take the survey for me that would be awesome.

Links right here --> https://eSurv.org?s=MJKMIO_e3c8911b

If you have any questions/comments feel free to ask :)
Most overrated foods (not foods you don't like, but OVERRATED) (can be single ingredients or can be a dish)
ranch on pizza
Who's your favoret actor?
For those of us that wear makeup and have dark eyelashes, do you use mascara?
What would be the worst place to go on a first date?
do you moreso eat whatever/whenever you want or watch your diet?
Thoughts on ketchup packets
What do you usually call marijuana?
Favorite current SNL male
If you're studying/working and trying to concentrate, who would be worse to be around? 
What's your favorite Coen brothers movie?
Luv yaself poll: What's your favorite thing about yourself??? (Add options!!)
what should i waste my hard earned money on at this phillies game?
Do you have your Facebook set to another language besides English?
Settle a debate for me: In the context of the poll where you have to give up one food for forever, if you gave up fries would you have to give up tater tots as well?
How do you feel about Guy Fieri?
How do you say tour as in "let's go to the Hoover dam tour now"
How much would you need to get paid to have sex with a cute, around-your-age stranger?
How active is too active in this page?
if someone offers you some of their chips/fries is it okay to take the largest chip/longest fry?
What Game of Thrones House would you be in?
When you get your hair cut, do you enjoy talking to the barber/hairdresser while they are cutting your hair?
How appropriate is this employee's behavior? Due to an HR error, a candidate shows up at an office for an interview but the boss is not there to interview her. An employee makes a joke asking the candidate if she's ready, and when she said yes, asked the question "what animal is most closely related to a hippopotamus?" It is then clarified for the employee that the manager was out and they will have to reschedule. How inappropriate was it for this SW to do this?
Would living forever be a gift or a curse? Feel free to explain your reasoning.
Should I create an Instagram page for my Husky!? Pics in comments
On a scale from 1-10, how much do you enjoy pooping? 1 being you hate it, it's an annoying task necessary for our survival and 10 being you love it, it is one of the things you look forward to most in the day
When you feel a really big pimple coming and it finally shows up, ready to pop, how great does it feel when you pop it?
What's your alignment?
http://easydamus.com/alignmenttest.html
Disregarding the weather, which do you like better?
Because I was listening to it earlier...
Do you like the Pop Goes Punk albums?
is a hotdog a sandwich?
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
How many times do people have to post the "is a hotdog a sandwich" question before we come to a conclusion?
Fav 80s staple
The best fried food
For all you sports radio fans, are you a long time listener or a first-time caller?
Do you ever contemplate the meaning of life?
How much would you need to get paid to have sex with an ugly, around-your-age stranger?
Would you rather fight one horse-sized duck, or 100 duck-sized horses?
How do you eat bagels?
What is your biggest weakness food?
Have you seen a dead body outside of a place you'd usually see dead bodies (hospital, funeral, museum, Rob's basement, etc...)?
How do you pronounce ketchup?
Avacados
Best 90's/ early 2000s kids show! (try not to add anything after 2005)
Ice Cream or Frozen Yogurt
Which do you overall enjoy more?
What's your fav color TO WEAR? Add ur favs, was too lazy to put tons of colors down~~~
A follow up for my last poll,
 do you, or have you ever stereotyped people who watch anime as a specific type of person?
Do you watch anime?
Do you feel like you can successfully throw a frisbee?
in a public restroom, do you....
What is the preferred spelling for the below word
Which decade had the best music?
Out of these shows, what should I watch next? 
What's your fav American style Chinese chicken?
Have you found your doppelganger? Siblings don't count 
If pants wore pants, how would they wear them. Pic for reference in comments
Does it bother you that the i in Pitt script isn't dotted?
Do you use the bag hook in public restroom stalls?
do you smoke cigarettes?
Do you use a subscription box service? If so, which one?
Most annoying facebook feature
do you vote in your own polls?
Men spitting on the ground
For Pitt people: Have you ever taken the elevator in Cathy to the third floor and walk down a flight of stairs for your second floor class? (Because the elevator doesn't go to the second floor)
When referring to something that happened in January 2017, would you say this winter or last winter?
Best whose line is it anyway performer
Do you take issue/offense to the diameter of Pringles cans?
In the first Toy Story movie, whose side were you on?
Do you use the snapchat-esque feature that other social media platforms have adopted? Which platforms?
Is it ever okay to put mayonnaise on a hotdog ?
How do you typically use public restrooms?
Do you believe cell phones interfere with the plane? If you think "sometimes under certain circumstances", I count that as a yes
Do you believe in long term happy monogamous relationships
Hey yall, wanna help my friend out and take this survey for his research project? Thanks!


Rainy Days
Do you clean the toilet seat in a public bathroom (or a bathroom that is not yours)
If you could only use one for the rest of your life, you'd use....
For those that have had your gallbladder removed, have you ever experienced ghost gallbladder pain? (Just like a gallbladder attack but post removal)
In CatDog, who did you like more?
Worst tasting hard liquor alone
Have you had a "bad tequila night"?
should i spend the small amount of money i have left in my bank account for...
You just met the girl/guy of your dreams, new boss, significant others parent's, etc. You go to the bathroom and look in the mirror. Which is the worst thing to see?
Would you rather have dust pans for hands or sweat jelly?
have you ever had a crush on your professor
*reprise* 
what goes best with a peanut butter sandwich
Jelly or jam?
Have you ever purchased something from the Cracker Barrel store?
Do you recycle?
For all my Scott Pilgrim fans, who was the best of Ramona's seven evil ex-boyfri......exes?
Time for the hard hitting questions. How do you like your chicken?
Do you have a bitmoji
Football fans: who had a better career?
Do you personally consider dropping/spitting/throwing chewed gum on the ground "littering"?
Ben & Jerrys is to McDonalds as Coldstone is to:
(Analogy to compare the quality of Ben & Jerrys vs. Coldstone icecream)
What would you rather have named after you? You don't have to do anything special for this amazing honor, it's just going to happen 
For happy hour, which would you rather have
Who is the better brother?
should i get a tattoo tonight?
Did everyone else know that Phineas and Ferb are shaped as a P and an F? 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdGYukpjcJPtdEGRCVJr1KFQiyI2bJHfdreTfZ4IxXYx6nk6Q/viewform
Least favorite state of these:
Best PB to J ratio (and this is specifically for PB & J sandwiches, NOT PB or J sandwiches. So I am not adding 100% of PB or J options)
Which would you rather lose
Which was better
Good morning! If you had to have one instrument playing in your head at a constant, would it be a noodling jazz alto saxophone,  or the heart-wrenching sweeps of a cello?
how many 2nd graders do you think you could beat up if they came at you in waves of 10 with a 5th grade boss every other wave
which is a better band name?
Which song about rain by CCR (Creedence Clearwater Revival) is better?
Mornings
HARD QUESTION. You are a waiter.
Best coworkers but the worst customers?
Or
Best customers but the worst coworkers?
Do you prefer 12 hr or 24 hr clocks?
did Rex have a foot fetish?
Who is MVP?
Should Taylor open the message from Rex and tell us all what it said?
Where are you very ticklish, (laugh out loud ticklish)?
Please, choose as many options as apply and/or leave a comment.
Is "Jo" a good name for a girl?
Peanut butter and jelly...
Since my previous pole was SHIT ON someone commented "apples or oranges wtf" to be funny. So lets just do that then shall we
the best signature fast food dessert:
If you were the CEO of McDonald's, would you bring back the 1998 McDonald's Szechuan Sauce promoting the Disney film, Mulan?
Men - Let me know a time when you were affected in your choices or experienced a form of discrimination because of your gender or life choices!
If you only had the option to drink 1 type of caffeinated bevarage for the rest of your life, which would it be? 
(You can still drink all non-caffeinated beverages)
Did you ever sell lemonade as a child
How do you feel about camping?
Nature vs Nurture
Which one
You walk into an ice cream shop that has 3 flavors. You can only choose 1:
which classic disney prince most made your heart skip a beat?
Does it piss you off that the 2018 Olympics will not have participation from the National Hockey League?
What show should I watch on Netflix? NOT the office, HIMYM, parks & rec, that 70s show, or bobs burgers bc I consistently watch those too often. This poll is to get me away from that and to try new things lol. I typically like comedy/easy shows to get into
When putting on pants what order do you close them in
What would be worse for America, President Trump declaring a hot dog a sandwich or if Netflix edited every friend's episode to only feature Ross
How many cars do you currently own? (Cars registered in your name. Not a family member)
If you have a plate with a bunch of different foods (maybe some of them are even saucy!), does it bother you if they touch?

final four: who's taking the win in your bracket?
Thoughts on a lotus birth
Have you ever had a body part removed (organ, limb, etc) teeth do not count
Who should with the Hart Trophy (Hockey)
Best breakfast?
Why was Sawyer Long so angery
Trebuchet or Catapult
Best Chapstick
What city that you originally had no expectations for did you end up loving after visiting?
America runs on....(which do you like better)
Hickeys? 
How many 3rd graders could you beat up, assuming all of them come at you at the same time?
What time of day do you tend to answer the most polls?
Best websites from the early 2000's!
Favorite Rick catchphrase!?
What's more technically impressive?
Do you leave the sink faucet running when you aren't using it?
Who is the best animated TV villain?
How long will Rex based jokes be funny?
Do you think it's funny when someone sabotages a poll by adding a bunch of stupid options?
Most hated/least favorite team?
any sport, college or professional 
Add friends to make this group huge or be a loser and don't 
Jk kinda
Bye
Balloon animals:
We've had a similar one but not as definitive.
Pitbull?
Who is the best Ray?
Women, Ladies, Dames, Females, Girls, etc.: Please share an instance where you have experienced discrimination/outright rudeness for either your gender or life path you have chosen.
Whenever you think about feet, are you going to associate it with Rex
Who would win in a fight (without weapons)?
Which do you prefer
how are we celebrating the 1000th member?
Hardest question you will ever answer
If you had to be stuck in an elevator for several hours with any of the following freshman music ed majors in Boyer, who would you choose?
do you kinda feel like you are friends with some of the strangers who are active in this group???
Similar to shower duration, what kind of shower-er are you?
Going off a similar question. I dislike the following foods. Which do you dislike?
We did album, now what's your favorite Taylor Swift song?? (try to limit your choice to 3... I know it's hard)
which pittbull?
Best chocolate
my birks are shot and im trying to decide which kind of shoe to get next!!!
What's your birth order? 
(Yeah yeah I know there are dif positions for middle and it's classic that I'm grouping them all together)
Does talking about poop gross you out
If you had to be on one reality tv show, which would you choose?
Do you actually like Jason Derulo's music?
if u could only drink this shitty alcohol for the rest of your life, which would it be?
How spicy are your memes of choice?
How did we just jump from 990 members to 1050 in an hour
Favorite lunch meat
If you could watch one Disney Channel Original Movie for the rest of your life, would it be....
The best Brand New LP.
A tough question
What is the best type of deli meat?
How do you feel about living alone?
Szechuan Sauce:
What movie/series do you feel like everyone has watched but you? Add whatever
If you had to give up one utensil forever, which would it be? 
You can't use that utensil or any of its derivatives anymore (ex - if you give up a fork or spoon, you can't use a spork either) 
sorry remake cause the wording was a lil confusing before i think, 
when is it too early to start listening to christmas music?
When (if ever) would you like to get married?
If you could only have one of these forever and give the others up for the rest of your life, what would you pick?
Best flavor of potato chips (add others pls)
What do you call the Candy in the comments?
Sriracha
For the guys of the group: which would you rather have happen first?
Temple people lets settle this once and for all
Cold pizza ðŸ•
You're out to a quaint, Sunday brunch with friends. It's a small restaurant with an extensive menu. You chat about your Saturday night while scanning the menu, unsure if you want sweet or savory food. The waiter comes over and asks if you want a Bloody Mary or a mimosa, both are the same price. You get:
How are your phone contacts listed?
How do you list your snapchat contacts?
Did you ever collect state quarters?
Does the shape of pasta matter to you?
Who are you?
Do you put pepper on your pizza?
Best form of cheese
Critical question: who poured their beer better? (Pictures in comments) (please delete if this isn't appropriate)
You change the channel on the tv with a
did your parents ever give you a sex talk?
Who do you think will win the 2017 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship?
Who would win in a fight (with or without weapons)?
The Orange Soda/Pop is pronounced:
Today's got me thinking. What is the stupidest "mainstream" holiday of the year?
I'm always torn between the two... pizza wise which do you prefer?
Most overrated holiday
eye color!
Who would you most want to narrate your life?
Your diet is primarily:
Is decorating graduation caps still a thing?
I am just a poor boy
What is your favorite method of watching TV
In anticipation for, "Wonder Woman" kicking ass on the big screen in 3 months, I wanted to celebrate women kicking ass behind the camera! Pick up to 3 of your favorites.
ðŸ’»?
Do you recall how -while as a kid/tween- you first heard about where babies came from? (Please add your own!)
What is one piece of advice that your parents repeatedly drove into your head, as a child? 

For me: The statement that you are free to exercise your constitutional rights until they hinder someone else's constitutional rights.
Who do you hate more on Game of Thrones? 
Have you ever destroyed a roller rink with your phattest moves on a Friday night as a tween/teen to this jam ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PJCaFyF9Ns 
Do you like to read for fun
polls make the world go 'round.
Which is scarier to you in a horror film?
What's the better show?
Who is your favorite land before time (main) character
Favorite Gen 1 Pokemon
Do you know how many days are in each month?
If you couldn't eat one of these for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
is it??
How do you feel about zoos?
Read receipts pronounciation
What's your favorite genre of music?
Mambo No. 5
Choose up to 3 of your all-time favorite Horror Movies. 
Plus, please add more options.
When Netflixing, how many times (on average) does it ask you if you're still watching?
Best HGTV show
What is your favorite movie genre?
Being called "boo" in a relationship
Scale of 1-10 how good are these doggos?
If someone says something and you don't hear them, how many times do you ask them to repeat themselves before you just smile and say "haha ya"? 
Team Buffy +...
Bc everyone else did:
How good is my dog?
His name is Blake and he also goes by Blaker, Blakerman, man, and Roo Schmoo
Will anyone ever say that someone's dog is "not a good dog"?
Your favorite superhero movie that's not Marvel or DC
Hi everyone, I am doing a project on the associations between mental health, substance abuse, and seasonal patterns.  If you could answer this short survey, I would be forever grateful! All responses are 100% anonymous. 


Which would you want a handful of
What is the best Goldfish flavor
Do you wish that chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream was just cookie dough ice cream
Gina thinks I have small feet but I thought I had average size feet and I'm questioning everything. 
What size are your feet for women's shoes?
how do you pronounce 'zebra'? 
Sushi being turned into other foods (sushi burrito, sushi burger, etc.)
an iphone has 16 notches of volume - how loud do you listen in your headphones when walking somewhere?
Which alternative energy source do you think is the most promising?
Favorite meal of the day
Should we have a day of "For Polling Purposes" Award Polls?
What day of the week would work best for you  for the first annual For Polling Purposes poll awards (see peters poll)
When leaving a job or internship, do you do anything to thank your superiors?
Do you feel uncomfortable/question when you see people at the gym working out in abnormal attire? For example jeans, hair down, skirt...
Comment weirdest thing you've seen pls
When using the word "month" to convey an amount of time, do you consider it to be 30 days or 31 days?
What's the opposite of an eggroll?
Least favorite new Disney movie
Thoughts on my way to class today: If I were to tell you about something that happened exactly a month ago today, March 29th, which day would I be talking about? 
The Bee Movie ðŸðŸ
Best Board game! (Add options)
For those who watched all of Breaking Bad: do you watch Better Call Saul?
Help a poller out!! Entering a photo contest for the cover of the commencement program for Pitt April graduation, vote for which picture I should submit!!! (in comments)
sharks!!!
Crying at work
How do you feel about deep sea creatures?
how do you eat an apple
What's your sign?
I have to know this because I fall under a small percentage that has it, but I wonder how many others know...
Do you know your blood type?
Which of your senses would you rather lose?
Least favorite classic Disney movie
Oatmeal toppings? (Inspired by that gross egg on oatmeal poll)
hating wrinkles (on clothing)
Who is your least favorite character from Friends?
Did tangled have a good soundtrack
Your polling purposes
Do you put soap on your hands before or after wetting them? 
favorite way to eat eggs
Is Young Thug a good artist?
Should I watch the office
What should I caption this for Instagram (picture in comments)
apparently it's weird to eat sprinkle parmesan cheese on cooked carrots. opinions?
Which Disney movie has the best soundtrack overall?
How do you eat steak
Pick one. 
When Spider-Man cums, does he shoot it out in web form?
Just witnessed something I have never seen before... someone mixing a chopped up hardboiled egg into their oatmeal. Is this a thing?
 (The oatmeal also had dried fruit in it, just to complete the mental image for you.)
Imagine a world where a copy of the Krusty Krab Training Video existed and it contained the Krabby Patty Secret Formula at the end of the episode (rather than cutting to black). Now imagine that your parents gave you a small loan of 1 million dollars to spend. If the creator of Spongebob was selling this unique episode and donating all the money to charity, how much would you be willing to spend in order to be the sole owner of this monumental short. RULES! You are a fool and want to frivolously spend this money. You are in an auction environment and the range you vote for is the range you give up on the bidding.   
When are bananas the best?
best apple?
What is the best song in The Lion King?
Would you rather...
Have you ever woken up for a midnight snack?
which non dairy milk is best
Is my doggo a good doggo? Pictures in comments
Pittsburgh left?
The Gorillaz just dropped 4 new singles from their upcoming album, Humanz. If you've listened to them (highly recommend doing so), which of the 4 is your favorite?
how do you take off a bandaid
When you open a container that has a plastic peel back top and also a plastic top (like hummus or cheese or a large yogurt thing...)
"Daddy"
Primantis....
When making rice, do you let the water fully boil before adding the rice, or do you add the rice then boil the water?
FOR PET OWNERS: Do you find it weird/uncomfortable to sleep unclothed (e.g. no pants/no shirt) if your pet is sleeping with you?
When you put on mascara do you:
wasabi
Who is your favorite Star Wars character? (Choose up to 3)
Who wore it better, left (as intended) or right (mixed/swirled)? Photo in comments
which version of "hawaiian rollercoaster ride" is better
Overall, which is better: DC or Marvel 
(What to consider: Comics, Television, Movies, Video Games, Toys, etc.)
Toffee
do you have a God-given talent (i.e. something you can do naturally that wasn't taught to you)?
if yes share in the comments
Best DCOM (updated to allow multiple options and new movies)
When ur BF is continually farting, then gets up and says "ew you're a girl" when you fart and leaves the room, how should you murder him? Plz add options
Do you enjoy listening to a capella music?
Not a poll but someone who writes for the website im co-pres of did an article about a poll!!!!!
FMK
Have you ever had a professional massage? (Spa, chiropractor, massage envy, etc)
it's gonna take some TIIME to reeeealize!!!! but if you look inside, i'm sure you'll FIIIIind ovayashoulder yaknow thatillalwaysbe pickin ya up when you're doOwn
Band everyone else seems to like but you don't....
sweatshirt preference?
Favorite  type of bread ï¿½?
How many people know what Catan is, and like it?
If a dish or dessert is "ooey-gooey," which is the most important characteristic?
Best Lost couple
Worst Lost character
Is it a real thing to take/be on a "break" in a relationship?
Which is better? 
Best old school DCOM (anything 2005 and earlier which is why no HSM or anything)
Which foot do you tie first?
Big Bang theory
When selecting television volume, how do you determine which number you land on?
Black jelly beans
Inspired by Maddie's poll below. Which one
I recently bought a house, and when I cut a hole to install a new outlet I found a sock (picture in comments) in the wall. My friends and I have various theories, please advise.
Kylie Jenner (these are the only options not sorry)
Pink eye
Which powerpuff girl are you (quiz link in bio)
VERY IMPORTANT. Which is the better Moana animal?
Does Mamma Mia have a good plot?
What are your thoughts on a gender reveal party for a new baby?
For equality reasons and pure curiosity, this one's for the boys. What's the worst part about being a man? (Since I am not one I'm not adding options)
You find $1,000 on the ground...do you
What's the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning
(inspired by the dog poll)
Who is the better cat? Pics in comments
Coconut
Is my dog a good dog? Pictures in comments
On Instant Messenger, what did you used to type when you had to end a conversation and leave?
Hi everyone! Me and my husband need some help narrowing down this list weve made of some popular drink flavors. since our preferences are so different, we cant agree on what to keep and what to remove. 
So instead weve made a list for others to vote on so we can eliminate the universally least liked flavors.


What's the G.O.A.T cereal
Where do you keep ketchup?
Who is your favorite girl from "Sex and the City"?
Who is the better dog? (Pics in comments)
Do you eat
Best Drake Album
What do you call these beans
What is the BEST "Epic Rap Battle of History" of all-time?
If you don't know what that is... do yourself a favor and click this link:
https://www.youtube.com/user/ERB
Girls- how often do you think about sex?
Boys - how often do u think about sex?
how do you eat string cheese
Is this girl really Hannah Callahan? Or is it a twin? Or do they not even look alike? I'll tag Hannah in the comments for you to look at her intensely 
https://www.facebook.com/PhillipGallagherUS/videos/180607872422904/
This is more of an open-ended question: What is a singular significant event that has happened to you, that changed your outlook on life for the better?

Hopefully if you are feeling down, this will allow you reflect upon the great parts of life.
Liquor of choice:
When is the last time you cried?
Favorite type of book to read
Space Jam is:
Ultimately, when you "settle down" (if you haven't already), where do you want to be? 
I didn't know I needed this group until Kate added me to it
Favorite Steven Spielberg movie? (Choose up to 3)
Do you consider yourself an open minded individual towards new ideas or lifestyles?
Pick up to 3 of your favorite Martin Scorsese films.
Do you consider your relationship with your parents to have improved as you have gotten older?
What do you do when you're going to graduate in May, and your school announces they are opening a Chick Fil A in the fall?
This is an impossible choice, but who's better?
Do you prefer bathrooms with a fan, without a fan, a fan separate from lights or shitting in the woods?
do you judge people based on their polling answers?
Angsty Poll Alert: What's the worst part about being a woman? (lol let's go)
Best noodle shape
Most fun sport to watch
How do you feel about ASMR
Dexter 
Hell On Wheels
Bates Motel
?    
whats the best thing about mac and cheese
Best Queen song that isn't Bohemian Rhapsody
Best Oakland restaurant music
Best HSM
Disney remaking all their animated movies into live action ones
Favorite characters from Lost?
Are decently expensive, wireless earbuds worth it?
Do you enjoy sushi? ï¿½
help me settle a heated argument
what's the better codename (to say over a walkie talkie)
feel free to add options!!
Do you like angel food cake?
Best breakfast food?
Follow up to previous poll. Do "sunny side up" and "over easy" mean the same thing?
Which way is the correct way to cut a 
sandwich?
Pitt friends: Which place gets warmer? (and in turn causes you to hate yourself even more whilst studying for many hours)
It's the first day of spring, do you call it...
If you just got in an elevator and someone is several paces away and heading towards the elevator, what do you do?
Which is more cringeworthy?
If you create a poll asking for the best of something, should people be allowed to vote for more than one?
The only reason to go to a live sports event is..
Do you like hot dogs? Unsure if it is a sandwich or not tho
Have you ever changed a baby's diaper?
THANKGIVING: What are your thoughts on Turkey?
How do you eat Fast food style fries (skinny guys like McDonald's or Wendy's)
In anticipation for his new film "Dunkirk" coming to theaters on July 21st of this year, pick up to 3 of your favorite Christopher Nolan films.
Excluding "For Polling Purposes", when you participate in any type of research (human research, market research, polls, surveys, studies), which is your preference? 
When you hear someone sneeze multiple times, you...
Do you like spicy food? Degree of spice doesn't matter. Just simply, "Do you enjoy eating spicy food?"
Do you use caps lock or the shift key to type capital letters?
Do you care about how other people perceive your clothing?
Who did you pick to win your March Madness bracket? I'm too lazy to add all of them so feel free to add if not there
Which do you like better
I know that this group has tons of different people in here, but if you are a University of Pittsburgh student, keep reading! (If this isn't allowed, feel free to delete this)

Arts & Sciences students - Please fill out this short survey! SGB Academic Affairs Committee wants your feedback on A&S Advising. The results of the survey will be shared with The Advising Center with the goal to improve advising.


Let's keep this one simple. Do you consider yourself a shy person?
Hi all, looking for some feedback because there has been a new trend! Let us know if you want to keep having survey's posted in this group (and please feel free to discuss/clarify in the comments)
Excluding The Dark Knight's Joker (since he'd probably win), who is the BEST superhero movie villain?
Which brand do you prefer
Has this polling group made you like more people or hate more people?
Puppy Monkey Baby?
Favorite sound to put you to sleep....
What is your opinion on anglerfish?
When you say you're going for a run..how long is it typically?
Best early 2000s Disney show
Favorite soulja boy song
Favorite flower
Are turtlenecks comfortable to wear? 
Between these 3..
Who would you rather spend an afternoon with?
favourite brooklyn nine-nine main character 
Best. Oakland. Pizza.
For those of you who like to do the surveys: https://umdsurvey.umd.edu/jfe/form/SV_3x5taADNjAmkyHj 

(peep that OJ question that snuck in there)
Which legendary 90s R&b song is better? (If you haven't heard both, go listen before voting. If you have heard both, listen again because they're incredible)
which song defines country music?
Which Disney villain is the absolute worst?
I'm conducting a brief survey on facial hair proliferation and perception in the United States. I would love your feedback! Thanks!


Yesterday's Parade celebrated
Thoughts on St. Patrick's Day:
Do you talk to yourself out loud when you are alone?
What's the highest level of Boy Scouts you reached?
What's the highest level of Girl Scouts you reached?
Favorite current SNL female
Best black eyed peas song
Do you watch SNL
which is better on bagels
What is the BEST film in Disney's Marvel Cinematic Universe? (Not including Fox or Sony films)
Do you dip your fries in your milkshake?
We all know watermelon is the best (I hope) but between the secondary melons:
While they're not critically acclaimed... what is the BEST DC Extended Universe film?
How often do you get a haircut?
Do you like water chestnuts?
Favorite science?
Is it okay to say "we" when referring to your favorite sports team? (Ex: "We're going to draft Lonzo Ball")
Would you rather...
Do calories count on holidays?
what is the best gymnastics (female, artistic) event (to watch)
What do you consider yourself?
When you call a coin flip, which do you call?
Who is the WORST character on The Office?
do you like when people you don't know (e.g. customer service workers) call you chick? 
Are your favorite sports teams based on the location, or personal choice? 
(ie New York fan who roots for New York just because they live there, move to Florida and root for Florida teams etc)
Yesterday was National Potato Chip Day AND Pi Day. Which team were you on?
Do you ever respond to random people's comments in a group/thread on a pic on Facebook?
In a game of Scrabble, when all tiles are gone from the bag: One player clears all tiles from their tray, is the game over? Or does the opponent get one last play?
How do you feel about bagels and cream cheese?
How many bagels is too many bagels 
best breaky carb 
When pooping, how many wipes before flushing?
Food time at the library...would you rather someone: (SOS I'm hungry but don't want to lose my spot or disrupt people too much)
Given the recent snow storm in the Northeast, what is the WORST outdoor chore? 
In honor of pi day: is math inherent in nature, or is it a man-made tool?
Do you know how dogs actually drink water/liquids? Video link in comments
When someone says, "That Tom Hanks movie," what movie do you think of?
what is the best gymnastics (male, artistic) event (to watch)
Which Olympic Games do you like most? Both summer and winter sports
I was talking to a coworker and we both have asthma. He was hospitalized as a child for his severe asthma, and we both had to use those shitty nebulizers as kids.
I use my inhaler every day, and he told me that I shouldn't be doing that. He said that he thinks I should use my inhaler less because he did and he "trained" his body to not rely on the inhaler.
 
Do you think you can train your body to handle some medical issues without the assistance of medicine?
Did you have Chicken Pox as a kid? 
For those of you watching, who's gonna win tonight??
Fabio or David Hasslehoff?
If only one device in a public bathroom can be operated by motion sensor, which is the most important one?
For those that apply: What body type do you prefer on a man
feel free to add options.
Which do you prefer to use?
Are you interested in buying a Nintendo Switch?
Why are you here?
Which is more true?
Best Olympic Games
Favorite flavor of ice cream!
What is the best Sports Tournament/Event? 
Did you ever get lice as a kid? 
Should daylight savings time still exist?
best
Which music "platform" do you use?
Follow up poll, in posed group pictures which of these options might you usually notice about yourself?
How do you feel about Ed Sheeran's new album "Divide"?
Ideal cereal eating status:
vine
What are your top 3 favorite monster movies?
Best classic candy flavor
when traveling abroad, when asked where you're from you say
Birthday
Funniest number?
Are icing and frosting the same thing?
If you could only choose one food group to eat for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Who's the better starship captain?
What do you eat soft pretzels with
When grocery shopping with a cart and you reach the end of the aisle and it intersects with another aisle, do you: 
Person A: "Wow, I'm hungry"
Person B: "I'm hungry too, let's order something fast"
Person A: "yeah let's order a cheese or pepperoni ________"
Went to many people call in from your team at work, what do you say you have so you can leave too?
Holes: which is better?
which song is better
Your friends made plans this weekend and didn't invite you.... What you gonna do?
When you look back at an offhand picture taken of you, which do you most often find:  That you've.....
Would you rather face off against a bear or a hippo?
What's your opinion on country music?
What is the best TV show with a "city/town" in the title?
So my friend (Kerry) looked at my iPhone alarm list and said she does her alarms differently and we are both shook. 
Do you continue adding alarms when you don't have the time already in there, or do you edit past alarm times so you don't have tons of alarms/have the settings already configured? Pictures in comments
does Mike Wazowski wink or blink
How do you eat Mac and Cheese?
When searching for a product, where do you typically look first?
Do you know anyone who can talk backwards like the girl in this video? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRse-IePpbE
Choose no more than 3 of the best franchises/trilogies. (Each option includes all installments with the same title).
When you work from home do you:
Would you rather have
Are you colorblind?
What is the best type of Reese's? (Of these)
Does it bother you how Kent Jones drags behind the beat in the chorus of "Don't Mind"?
When you wear a hoodie with a front pouch, what do you do with your hands inside of it?
Which do you prefer to go to
twilight
For my Impractical Jokers fans out there: Favorite Joker?
Reese's
When you walk past a mirror in the dark, do you avoid looking into it?
Are the Pirates of the Caribbean movies good?
How do you pronounce Albany?
Are you a bad human if you blot your pizza before eating it
Do you believe fish feel pain?
Favorite X-Men?
Pick one
Who was best for Rory?
Fantastic Beasts and where to find them
Who is the worst Harry Potter character?
You're at a birthday party. There are two options, and you can only have ONE (the flavors don't matter, this about which one do you want more) .... So is it cake or ice cream?
How do you pronounce "Oregon"
The only real dessert question
Which never-ending board game gets stale the quickest?
Guacamole/avocado
Preferred deformity.
If you had to GET RID of one for the rest of your life, which would it be
Which is worse?
Regardless of personal musical tastes, did Taylor swift "sell out" ?
Have you ever played Runescape? If you still play, me too!
If fate was against you and you had to ride one of these out for 24 hours with no medication/relief, you'd rather be....
What color tint are these strawberries (picture in the comment below):
Catcher in the Rye
Which flavor of frosty is better for dipping french fries?
Which are you more afraid of
I decided to drink tonight, so I am now curious. Which do you prefer?  
Did you know you can bring a live fish on a plane in more than 3oz of liquid?
Favorite vacation environment
Who's more famous?
Which emoji do you use for an eye roll?
best phineas and ferb song
What religion to you consider yourself affiliated with, regardless of how devout? (Plz add options I'm just lazy)
Peeing in the shower
Who is funnier?
Harry potter..
Something I'm curious to see if there's a correlation: when putting on pants/underwear, how do you do it, and what is your dominant hand
Which of these songs that are literally the same is your favorite?
Which one is better?
Do you ever take baths in college?
What order do you put on your shoes and socks?
Do you salt your pasta water
*edit - apparently salting the water actually makes it take longer to boil, because chemistry.
Semi related to a question from last month:
Best dipping sauce for chicken strips/fingers?
How many of you ever felt personally victimized by Regina George?
When you're taking a shower, do you:
marshmallow peeps?
Which chip is the best for eating the whole bag in one sitting
In honor of my baby daddy's birthday, what do you REALLY think about Justin Bieber?
If you were born on a Feb 29th of a leap year, on non- leap years would you choose celebrate your birthday on Feb 28th or March 1st?
Opinions on the Star Wars prequels
Do you like the award shows
Best Batman Movie (other than The Dark Knight):
Do you sneeze while plucking your eyebrows?
Best Emma?
Have you ever heard of the aliens from Toy Story called Little Green Men?
fav unit system
When in stadium seating, do you pass with your ass or crotch facing them
Is Brie Larson hot?
Best salad dressing
Which haircut should I get? (Pic in comments)
best JB album
Bigger blunder?
What should have won Best Picture?
If you want a snack, do you crave sweet or salty?
Brussel sprouts
Bugs are...
Alright, so my friend's birthday is tomorrow and I can't think of a good present for her. So what should I get her? Feel free to add suggestions. Weirder the better.
Who is the most hated athlete of ALL-TIME?
Best Dorito
how do you pronounce the word "preferably"?
Shamrock Shakes
How do you write?
What are these called (photo in comments)
Is Batman: The Dark Knight overrated?
Worst word (we had a debate btwn crusty and moist but there are other words that need to be addressed):
Also I apologize bc reading all of these together is horrifying.
Shrek or Ice Age?
Do you personally consider Pittsburgh geographically in the Midwest?
Which word is more unsettling? 
Would you rather get $2 a day for the rest of your life, or $5,000 right now?
Which of these bands best personified pop punk? (Note: this is not which band did you like best. Pick at most 3)
If you are riding your bike at a slow pace, and there is no bike lane available, is it okay to ride on the side walk? It is not an overly populated area, mostly just some dog walkers and joggers.
Favorite old school denim trend:
Should I get a dog?
who is the better twin?
When in a turning only lane is it necessary to turn on your turn signal?
important!!!
Side poll that I thought of from the Cartoon Network poll. 
Which powerpuff girl did you always wanna be growing up?
Favorite drunk food
Who was the best Ed boy?
Where do you sleep in the bed? (If looking at bed from the foot of the bed)
Who is the most hated athlete (currently playing) in American Sports?
which is better
did you win a superlative in high school and if so is it brought up in conversation?
Inspired by the poll and comments below, is 50 shades abuse? Consider both the level of bdsm and the way he treats her
Did 50 Shades of Gray spark an interest in BDSM? IT SHOULDN'T HAVE, IT'S THE DEFINITION OF ABUSE. 
What is the worst aspect of the Hunger Games? (Books or movies)
If you were Tina would you have gone to the dance with Josh (boy she kissed in the dairy fridge at fresh feeds) or Jimmy Jr?
choice of browser
better movie
Overall favorite sport
who are the better twins?
Is it childish to eat lunchables?
Do you think lunchables are gross?
Best Patrick Star line
Best French fry:
Have you ever had...
Pony by Ginuwine:
Pic in comments
Who makes the best iced tea?
Better Ed Sheeran song
Best movie musicals (based on a stage musical)
Who is the better twin?
What color was the dress
Important q: 
Do you say "don" and "dawn" differently? Or do they sound the same?
How do you eat a triangular piece of pizza?
Underneath a sweatshirt I am wearing....
Best Beatles Album?
Am I going to succeed or fail in life?
Who is the most overrated LotR Fellowship member?
best 90s alternative band
I'm going to be driving for roughly 4 hours soon, what should I listen to?
How do you casually pronounce it? --"Wegmans".....
Who is the best smash character?
how do you feel about tootsie rolls?
Which month were you born?
does water taste better from...
Best Great Crime Thriller Movie Villian?
How do you usually sign your emails?
do you believe in love at first sight
Philosophical thought experiment.  Do expansive universes (like Star Wars and Lord of the Rings) belong to the writer, the publisher, or the fans?
Doing a bit of research help me out? (Part 2 of 4) 
Part twooo, so, for those of you who said yes or depends on price, how much would you be willing to pay per mile? (Please choose the most you'd be willing to pay, serious answers please!!)
Do you personally know someone that was naturally born with an extra body part/ missing body part ?
regarding the rule "you can only wear white between Memorial Day and Labor Day"....thoughts? (Help me pick an outfit thx)
While we're on the subject....what's the sounds situation for your alarms?
Doing a bit of research help me out? (Part 1 of 4) 
Background: You either have very little money to afford gas, don't have a car, or bike (for health or environmental reasons). Would you ever consider something like uber  (not price wise, just being with strangers) to get you all the way, or within 10 minute walking distance to work?
p.s to not spam I am going to post the rest of the polls throughout the day today
Alarms (an extension)
Mint choc chip ice cream
You go out for a night in Vegas with your 3 closest friends. Which Hangover character are you in this situation?
trend you miss the most
What's your Harry Potter house?
Do you avoid cracks on the sidewalk? 
who'd win in a fight
did you know that cilantro and coriander are the same thing??????
Do you like dark chocolate
Pick
best i love you, man quote
Liver?
Plankton's best attempt at getting the krabby patty formula
Jake Gyllenhaal: beard or no beard? Pics in comments.
Have you ever firsthand experienced an earthquake?
Jennifer Lawrence is:
do you like your landlord?
Roommate debate: Is or normal/is it possible/do people regularly and successfully have sex in an uber?
Which physical activity below is the most fun (assuming cost is not a factor):
Your Harry Potter status:
Would you rather have
Best Girl Scout Cookie
Best Parks and Rec SIDE Character (no main characters)
Tummy rumbling: Creepy or Cute? 
Asking for a friend
What's your favorite crayola crayon color?
Better breakfast potato side:
canned tuna
You're at a four star hotel, do you ....
which food, in your opinion, is more versatile?
Who is worse?
Does it annoy you when people use instant messaging etiquette in emails?
Best prank pulled on Dwight:
Is it possible/okay/ethically-allowed to like a remix or cover of a song more than the original?
perfect length for a playlist
Whay color do you like better?
When someone is in a bathroom stall in a public place/workplace/school restroom, clearly waiting for you to leave so they can do their business, what do you do?
What type of video/youtuber do you watch the most on YouTube?
Best sports movie based on a true story...
Very Simple: Tarantino or Scorsese
Where do you think the closing scene in Inception take place?
Feel free to comment if you have an interesting theory
men only: how many suits (that fit you) do you currently own? 
Calling your parent's by their first name:
Would you put money into a gofundme to help me buy this adorable but outrageously priced dog??? (Pics in comments)
which jimmy?
Is it weird to keep your socks on during sex?
The ultimate candy poll: which holiday-specific candy/flavor is literally the worst?
The idea of gyro meat on a breakfast sandwich 
Best old school Miley (or Hannah) song pre-bangerz album
Slim jims are
Do u believe in a higher power of any kind?
Calling your friends "mom"
Scarlett Johansson
How do you go through turnstiles?
Your favorite (not the one you think is the best) Star Wars movie:
Fave Chris
Do you believe in horoscopes?
what do you use bananas for
Was it a bad idea for me to accept Gina's friend request?
If you got a house with as many rooms as a mansion (let's say 30-50 rooms), but could only have these two options, would you rather...
Do you automatically assume someone is not excited to do something when they reply without an exclamation point via text? Example "do you want to...." "sure"
Do you believe in past lives? If you feel strongly or want to share experiences please post in comments!!!
Which is better?
BETTER. BOSS. #Choose
Favorite tarantino movie
best movie soundtrack (obvi feel free to add options)
broad city (on comedy central)
to clarify: meh can be haven't seen it or idk what u talking about, i cant figure out how to change the options im v new to technology
if you could magically possess the ability to speak a language it would be
Who is the greatest movie character of all time? - Feel free to add options.
Young Kevin Spacey
Is Ed Sheeran attractive?
Chance the Rapper 
Best of the big 3 breakfasts
Rock, Paper, Scissors
Best animated TV show
SORRY FOR DOUBLE POLLING BUT I WAS JUST INFORMED OF THIS AND THIS NEEDS TO BE ADDRESSED.
https://www.facebook.com/BuzzFeed/posts/10155740420575329
If you were in the 1st Jurassic Park movie with only everyone in this poll group, what would your personal plan be?
Are the candy conversation hearts on Valentine's Day good or bad?
If given the opportunity to make someone fall in love with you would you do it?
What is milk?
Which Michael Cera is the best Michael Cera
Favorite Little Debbie and Hostess treat?
Do you know the Ravioli song?
Do you like Valentine's day AND are you single or in a relationship?
What's worse?
Is Hilary Swank hot?
Did u know there's lead in our water???? 
favorite pasta sauce/gravy 
When asked "How far away is ______?" do you answer:
best toy story
We did Disney.. But what is the best Pixar film or series?
What is the best kind of milk?
Best character on The Office...
Obviously, feel free to add options.
Most upsetting child star breakdown
who's your favorite founding father? (of AMERICA bc apparently this is, at times, unclear when the q is asked)
Best muffin flavor
What food did you lose a tooth in as a child
What is the best month!
Update! We decided on the name Nova which wasn't even a choice but it seems to be the most fitting for her :)
What's worse?
How do you take pills
Best teletubby
Does anyone wanna be penpals with Sam and I?
Should rainbow sprinkles be put on chocolate ice cream?
Guests wearing White/Off White/Cream dresses to a wedding:: 
Favorite PBS kids show that was on in the 90's. 
Do you call it:
Do you think you could eat two pounds of cheese?
Rainbow sprinkles and chocolate sprinkles:
Best game show past it's viewing prime (not as popular as it once was)
Preferred alternate time line
When wearing a hoodie, do you wear a t-shirt underneath?
People who un-ironically refer to things by the wrong name:
What show do you feel like everyone likes besides you?? Add more options; I was just choosing well-liked shows
Sphynx cats:
Favorite Disney park:
If you were to go out for dinner would you prefer to have a beef dish (steak/filet) or a chicken dish?
Okay I gotta know post "A Year in the Life"
Which team are you?
What is the worst month of the year?
Feel free to provide reasons in the comments.
I went to college
Which is cuter?
For my PA peeps...
What is the best college in Pennsylvania?
BeyoncÃ©
Shirley temples (the drink)
Curious because I think I'm different from the majority. Guy Fieri's best show
What is the worst season?
How do you open a straw in a paper wrapper
Is 7 pm too late to vacuum in an off campus (family community) apartment?
Looking for a fitting name for this adorable kitten she is black with a white spot on her chest and belly feel free to add ideas! Pics in comments
How do you pronounce ramen? (the soup)
Is winter garbage?
Do you see more people with nose piercings in the crease or on the nostril?
Which is better
Best Upstate NY summer camp?
Which hasbeen/novelty band concert would you rather go to?
Do you consider cheerleading a sport?
We did favorite album!.. We did favorite song!.. Now, which is your favorite Taylor Swift ex-boyfriend to get dumped?!
Names for this lil rescue? (Pictures in the comments) And feel free to add options
How do you pronounce the word "hooves"
Best Disney song?
Man butts:
How do you pronounce gala?
Picture in comments. Who would you choose?
ANOTHER taylor swift poll, yay!!!!!! What is your FAVORITE taylor swift mundane every day task?????
Which gummy animal
Best name that ends with "erry" or "ary"
You open a banana ...
Who's the greatest QB of all time?
Simple Question. Simple Answer. 
do u say lol in real life like
We've had a poll about favorite type of egg but this is the real question.
ðŸ¥š
Eggs with drippy yolks or eggs fully cooked?
Naming your car... 
Duck sauce that comes with Chinese takeout
How long can Gina and I go without talking (unless it is work related)?
If someone had something in their teeth like a piece of spinach, would you tell them?
Spaghettios taste
What side are the mini twix a part of?
If you are or your significant other are using the bathroom, does the other partner come/go as they please? 
Does Chinese food make your mouth taste bad when you're done eating?
opinions on the song "Happy" by Pharrell
The survey says: "Check each box that applies." How do you check them?
ANOTHER Taylor Swift question? We've had favorite songs. We've had favorite album. We've had favorite ex boyfriend. Now it's time for a specific ex bf question! Yay! 
Taylor and Tom Hiddleston relationship thoughts:
Have you seen freaks and geeks
Hansel is pronounced...
I prefer to make my hot chocolate with
Best mean girl
Do you wash your legs in the shower/ bath?
Most clutch basketball player
Best 'chos
Poptarts
With regards to showers, do you prefer:
Have you changed any aspect of your behavior because of something that occurred in this group? (Stories in comments plz)
Would like pay money to go to a Pitbull (Mr. Worldwide) concert?
How you like your pizza
How do you say "Costume"
Cat or "anti-cat"
Which January meme was better
posting about your college (grad school etc) acceptances on fb
Does water have a taste
If Pokemon were real would you eat them?
Ayo ladies what's the Worst thing about having hair (compared to men's short easy hair---yes I know not all men have short easy hair)
Can you write in cursive? the quality doesn't matter, just if someone asked you to write using it
Brownies?
Is fish meat?
What's the worst, minor thing?
Fuck marry kill: Burritos, tacos, quesadillas
Can you braid?
Borzois
Cheerwine
when ya real tired but have to do things and stuff
Why does this poll have only one option?
stacey dooley
Would you ever name your child after a professional athlete?
arrested development character
Leggings
Which is THE BEST?
Best Hofbrauhaus beer:
Conmen
Best Taylor Swift album?
Which would you rather lose?
When you're using google to look for products, do you type in plural or singular? 
Example: dog calendars vs dog calendar, best wallet vs best wallets, flight to London vs flights to London, coffee maker vs coffee makers......
Meeting Darth Vader in real life
If you had to select which day of the week you were to die on, but had no knowledge of the month or year (so like normal), which day would you choose?
How would you rate the Super Bowl?
best halftime performance 
feel free to add i missed like 46 other options
Which one
Do you floss?
Who do you want to win the super bowl?
Greek Life
what are you most excited about today?
Is Taylor Humphrey the gr8est human u have ever met
Who's your favorite Internet dog? (add all the pups and Instagram handles plz)
Is titanic a good movie
Do you know what gait is? Using it in a sentence: He had a weird gait.
Do you genuinely like the patriots
Which do you say
If you have had or do have an OKCupid which do you like to do more?
Regardless of fact, do you think of tomato as a fruit or vegetable
How long has it been since your last dental cleaning?
ok re-do: best celeb couple (of the following choices)
So this may be controversial but I am I the only person who doesn't care that Beyonce's having twins?
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
Are you a
On average, how many times do you poop per day?
Are you at the formal
Do you genuinely enjoy McDonalds?
Coffee
Dental Hygiene Student here! When you brush your teeth, do you use hot or cold water?
Television
Margueritas
Is there an age limit for eating peanutbutter and jelly sandwiches?
cupcakes
Unrelated to whether or not you think ketchup is good or gross, and unrelated to your opinion on the childishness of chicken fingers in general: is ketchup as your chicken finger dip of choice childish?
It is the middle of the night, and you hear a crash downstairs- you...
In How I Met Your Mother which couple do you prefer?
Mayonnaise?
Which one do you prefer?
Ladies: at what point in a relationship do you stop shaving your legs?
Do you actually care about the super bowl this year?
Which would you be more embarrassed to drink?
If you meet someone named Kimberly do you automatically call them Kim?
Best m&ms
Worst part about having a cold
You eye two parking spots after arriving at home: One spot is right in front of your house, but you have to parallel park.  The spot is pretty tight.  The other spot is a bit of the walk.  How long does the walk have to be in order for you to consider parallel parking?

If I didn't tell you in this post right now, would you know a "hero" was a sandwich?
Is the Nightmare Before Christmas a Christmas or Halloween movie?
Two part poll!!!
Part Two: Do you think John Krasinski thinks John Krasinski is attractive?
Fries in your frosty
How do you write the number 2
Two part poll!!!
Part One: Is John Krasinski attractive?
Do girls poop?
When victims of tragedy marry the people who rescued them
I had this argument with my ex before and need an answer aka wanna prove I am right. Would you name your child after you?
If you were in china and people were serving dog, would you eat it
do i want nugs RIGHT NOW????
candy corn
What's your opinion on nose piercings?
Which is funnier?
Which do you identify as?
Favorite poll
Who would you rather have as a boss
Bees?
Assuming you have an average paying job in the field of your choice, how often would you buy lotto tickets?
What decade would you most like to have been a teenager in?
how do u prefer ur meat
Which was/is your fave? Check the third option if you have at any point in your life gotten them confused.
Favorite lunch meat?
Pronounciation of "Multi" in phrase: "Multi million dollars company"
Ricky, Julian, or Bubbles?
Man buns
*Hope this isn't too controversial for this group...but I think it's important to see where the people stand. 
Bryan Cranston's most iconic/powerful performance as an actor.
became more aware of this because of the Pittsburgh water crisis, but when you brush your teeth do you
Should I be 2 more mins late to work to get Dunkin quick responses needed
For Pitt Students. Do you think class should have been cancelled today due to the infected water?
What's your plan for water right now?
ðŸðŸ§€
https://www.facebook.com/PaulaCahillArt/?view_public_for=983078345157308
Let's talk TP.
shirts with open chest/back with the top collar still there
Do you eat the whole bread bowl @ panera
Should children be taught firearm safety?
Prior to reading this poll, did you know that Mike Tyson bit a guy's ear off?
(Pitt-related) What is the lowest floor of Cathy that you feel comfortable taking the elevator to? (i'm assuming nobody takes the stairs past 10)
Do you brush your teeth in the shower
Would you rather have a zombie or a ghost cut your hair? (inspired by  weird but funny podcast Jordan, Jesse, Go! if you're interested) 
First thing you notice about someone you've just met
What shoe do you put on first?
are spaghettios soup?
What's funnier?
Would you rather live in....
think of kenneth and then choose wisely 
do you refrigerate Sriracha?
do you poop in public restrooms
Ghosts
Favorite Pickle
Instagram
On a scale of 0-10 (10 being the most enjoyable), how much do you enjoy showering? The whole process of showering from getting motivated to get in until you put clothes back on
do you poop at parties?
Salad dressing
You have the ability to time travel, but you can only go to the past or the future. Which do you choose?
If you could have a dick, would you?
Are queefs funny or embarrassing?
Thoughts on having a dislike button on facebook
Favorite Sports League to watch
What is the best part of a dog
Which is you?
tostitos scoops
is coral the dumbest animal or the smartest rock
Popcorn
Best "2nd tier" childhood tv shows (underrated shows/shows that are often forgotten about/not initially considered)
how many options is the perfect number for a poll (originally offered, pre-people adding in any)
Favorite cuisine (of these options)
The cake scene in Matilda
how do you sleep
Do you read the books before the movie?
Shrimp is better...
who run the world
Fast food
You're only allowed to go to one grocery store for the rest of your life, all others are off limits:
Which situation induces the highest level of road rage for you?
When you settle down (at least semi permanently) where do you want to live
Pigs as pets
Who is your favorite "For Polling Purposes" admin?
dudes that have ONLY a mustache for facial hair
How much milk do you drink
Best instrument to play or listen to?
Bodysuits:
Whether for good or for bad. Do you think Trump will enact lasting change on the world?
How much do you go under or over the speed limit on average? NOTE: this is not on the highway and this is in decent weather
Serious Poll. Should mothers be given an advantage in child custody decisions?  (Do NOT consider circumstances, mental health, age of the child, criminal history, etc) Discuss. (THIS IS FOR SENIOR THESIS PURPOSES)
Which one do you hate more?
Marble
Please don't troll. Favorite place you've ever visited!
Best
If you fart loudly while talking to someone, do you:
Which hand do you use to type the letter b? 
best medium scale restaurant
okay but what to those attracted to ladies type people actually prefer??
You're walking in the woods.
There's no one around, and your phone is dead.
Out of the corner of your eye, you spot
Best chip dip
Simplified: Boston market
which tv show is better
obviously the collab ones are the best but im wonderin individually
Do you save the best bite/piece of a food for last? Like imagine you have a couple pieces of chocolate and you're planning on eating all of them: one of them is milk choc, one is white choc, one is dark choc. Would you be saving your favorite for last?
I am creating this poll because I am genuinely curious.
You are driving in the middle of nowhere and suddenly need to go #2.  There are no rest stops in sight.  What do you do?
There are two kinds of people in the world
Pronunciation of Nutella
Are squirrels cute (I am not adding a "sometimes" choice)
Picture in the comments for explanation:
Would you rather own 1 dog that never dies, or be avle own any number of dogs at any point in time but they live normal dog length lives?
what's your love language? http://www.5lovelanguages.com/profile/
Preferred method of exercise
best bromance
yes yes y'all
What was your first job?
How do you like your steak cooked?
Whenever u dance you can only do one of these the rest of ur life which is it (you can do the dance to any song, but it has to be the same moves)
how sick would it be if biden was ur dad
best crime/crime adjacent show
Ravioli?
Let's talk about peanut butter...
What is the funniest movie ever made?
If you were standing an equal distance to either which would you choose?
Best kind of grill:
Do you breathe through your mouth or nose?
Who is the best dog?
What's your preferred flavor of gum
What's your favorite Backstreet Boys song?
Nuts
When speaking which do you say
Tinder?
Best lunchable (I didn't know there were this many but I looked on their website so I could make sure I listed all) (I am not including the breakfasts)
Do you support fake bacon bits? ðŸ¤–ðŸ· (not as opposed to real bacon, just them as their own entity)
Do you pick/bite your nails?
American cheese
Best carnival food
Follow up poll to the lunchables poll because I thought of this while making it. 
Do you TYPICALLY eat your lunchable pizza cold or warmed up?
Which is better?
Let's say you made dinner for guests. And someone says "dinner was pretty good." How do you interpret this (my aunt asked me this and wants to know)
Least favorite amusement park
How long are your showers?
To you what does wildlife include?
Most nasty cold habit
Do you like roller coasters? Check all that apply
If given the chance and money to do only one of the below two options before you die, would you:
Blue cheese or ranch?
Chocolate and mint
When prepaying for gas, how often do you second guess your pump number?
Which do you say?
The best part about Disney World
You can only listen to one for the rest of your life.
Fake eyelashes
Favorite "Holy ______, Batman!" exclamation by Robin in the original Batman TV series (use the following link and add your own! Have fun! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_exclamations_by_Robin)
Team:
Follow up to previous poll. Is Disney world overrated?
Favorite day of the week
coffee (disclaimer: don't get fresh w me, if peppermint mocha chip fudge brown sundae creamer n 1.5 splendas appears as a poll option, i will b severely peeved)
Just curious: optimal number of hours of sleep per night
Do you poll?
Just curious, are you a Mom?
Best poll to date:
Cooking the worlds smallest _____ videos:
i.e. https://youtu.be/4ZjaG88Ejfw
Cadbury eggs
Baby by Justin Bieber
You are on a game show where you just won $10,000 answering questions with a random partner.  Instead of automatically splitting the money, each player is given a choice: steal or split.  If both players choose split, each player gets $5,000.  If both players choose steal, each player gets $0.  But if one player chooses split and the other chooses steal, the stealing contestant gets $10,000.  What do you choose?
Since we have the final four, who will win the Super Bowl?
I know we had a similar poll but how often do you actually floss
Which
I want to end this debate once and for all
candy crush 
Tabasco flavor
Be honest with yourself, which is better/easier:
Favorite Doctor
If you two were on good terms, would you invite an ex to your wedding?
How many polls are in this group?
Who's your favorite Scrubs character
Do you play facebook games?
should I remake the peanut butter poll
Regan Brooks Slobodan Males removed that kid, carry on with your polling!
Take 2: What's your "go-to" light beer?
Which do you do first in the shower?
How many languages do you speak (at least relatively) fluently?
I am doing a random draw with my kids to see who wins best candy bar ever, it is formatted like the NCAA bracket. 1st round, first "game"
Which of the last iPhone upgrade do you actually use regularly
Did you ever go to a circus
What is a band/musician you love that people mock you about but you don't care because they're the best band/musician in the world?
A poll on your favorite poles
do you listen to music in the shower
So if you make a scale of 1-10 when rating something. Should you be able to choose 1 or 10? Some people might assume that 1 or 10 are unachievable (not me) and are just there for upper and lower bounds. 
Have you ever faked orgasms?  ðŸ™„
If you were to review your previous poll answers, would your response change based on mood, day-to-day, etc...?
Which one?
What kind of bear is best?
In which season would you want to have your wedding?
Is the answer to this poll "no"?
Do you like the song Cheerleader
Wedding hashtags
If you're bald, you use:
do we think The Weeknd is as good in bed as he makes it seem?
You are watching a nature documentary, like Planet Earth, when a chase scene breaks out as a predator hones in on his prey. Do you cheer for the panicked victim to escape, or do you want the hungry predator to land the kill?
Do you find any of these things happening when you pluck your eyebrows?
11am or 11pm
who's been on the Disney Cruise
Which one
which character is your fav from the BBT

Which is better?
Correct order?
It's 4am, am i hungry or just sad?
Do you vote?
With the release of Facebook's ability to react to posts, I have wondered one simple question. Have you, at least once, reacted to a post a certain way due to others reactions? Such as: you see a post with primarily sad reactions, does this affect your personal reaction to the post. 
Inspired by watching @maddie Hallman eat. Do u eat the ginger that comes w your sushi
What's worse
What's your major/career/field?
Do you have any family members who you would consider top tier best friends?
Best Seinfeld character
do you face towards or away from the water in the shower?
Jimmy Buffett songs
Plural of computer mouse?
When you walk in front of a car and it stops do you
Best form of potato ðŸ¥”
You're chopping an onion, you start by cutting the ends and peeling, what's your next cut?
can you drive a stick shift?
teeth should be brushed 
If you are eating cake with ice cream, you use a...
How do you pronounce settlers of Catan?
Would you rather for a week
spelling:
Have you ever accidentally thought zombieland and adventureland were the same movie?
Taco Bell
Favorite hot sauce?
Would Helen Keller have a good sense of humor upon discovering all the jokes people have made about her?
Without looking it up, do you know what Centurions are?
Best Always Sunny character
Tell me why
https://www.facebook.com/BuzzFeed/posts/10155580926965329
I think we did agree on this. She needs to be added to this group.
What team are you?
If there's a door against the wall that doesn't actually open to anything it's just looks like there's something behind it but there isn't would it be weird to explain this to somebody by saying "it isn't actually a door"?
The beanie babies brand- do you pronounce it as Ty or T.Y.?
Best Netflix TV series
What's the best part of The Sims?
Which
Root Beer is a...
Is Frankenstein (or Frankenstein's monster, for you pedants out there) a zombie?
When did you peak?
Idk wtf 2 out of 4 of these are but due to popular demand: long sammy name
Feelings on snow
What non-physical attribute do you find most attractive?
The song Changes reminds you of....
What's your favorite letter?
Which is Shia LaBeouf's greatest performance?
Best chicken place in Pittsburgh (on/near campus)
Would it be cannibalism consuming someone's ashes after cremation
Is Elliot Stabler a dick? 
Tomatoes
Is frozen a good movie
Is a meatball sandwich/sub a hoagie?
Chip Skylark's best song
Your boss catches you polling at work, what do you do:
What color should I dye my hair?
Best energy drink:
Is shrek a musical?
popcorn:
Is a hamburger a sandwich?
Would you rather
L'Oreal kids shampoo bottles, is it pronounced
socks to bed
If you have one ounce of popcorn and one ounce of animal crackers which would make you feel more full? (Even though it is the same weight there is a noticeably larger pile of popcorn because it weighs less)
Are mummies zombies?
are you familiar with pingu?
Nipping or nerping
Have you ever posted a poll to try to prove you're not weird and end up finding out you're the weird one?
Best time suckers
Bachelor/Bachelorette series
when you think of vin diesel do u think of him as...
Chris B. Harrison
Go to cold remedy
Are Roman Numerals:
Would you rather
Real talk, which is better?
Which is better?
Feelings about Mariah Carey
is soup good
jus genuinely curious
Is a door a wall?
You're drunk on New Years and your friends mom comes in. What do you do?
When answering survey questions, I always read each option before making my choice.
If you are going to China, are you headed East or West?
The rainbow food trend
Best Holiday
Most underrated holiday
are the Hadid sisters pretty? not their hair/bodies/etc, specifically their faces
How do you eat beef stew
Assuming you are bound by a magical force to keep your resolution for the entire year, for your new years resolution would you rather:
Are la la's, na na's, and doot do's, as featured in Limozeen's bizarrely titled "Feed The Childrens," legit lyrics?
Beards tho
What poll should I make?
You get on your 7 hour bus ride and see all seats have 1 person in them. Would you be more inclined to ask to sit next to person 1 or person 2:
Person 1 is sitting by the window with headphones in refusing to make eye contact with ppl getting on the bus, and has their backpack on the outside seat
Person 2 is sitting in the outside seat with headphones in, refusing to make eye contact with their backpack on the inside and laptop open with chargers and cords spread out across both seats
best of the ocean's trilogy
When you create a poll, do you automatically vote?
Proposing/getting engaged around Christmas or New Year's
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (the newer remake one with Johnny Depp) was
Do you sleep with....
Is Die Hard a Christmas movie
What subtle Hamilton detail is the most brilliant?
Best sugary cereal
Left handed or right handed?
Do you ever feel like an imposter when you use a full sized cart at the grocery store?
â„ï¸â„ï¸â„ï¸
Goat simulator app
Best spongebob episode
Best part of holiday season okay yeah I really mean Christmas but am tryna include everyone
Are newborn babies
What's the best thing to order at Taco Bell?
Booth or table?
Check all that apply for your old AIM:
Post your old username below for lawls
Do you use the different Snapchat filters to try out new makeup looks?
Was there a 90s movie where Sinbad played a genie?
Where do you keep bread
If you were laying in bed and asked your mom to get you a glass of water, would she do it?
Favorite seasonal scent:
Real talk, best Disney movie?
Best anime
Who would you choose as a friend?
mayonnaise 
Do you separate dark and light laundry?
Favorite toy in the Toy Story franchise?
Polls
Is this the krusty krab?
The Christmas movies with the puppet type things (A Year Without a Santa Clause, Santa Clause is Coming to Town, etc) are creepy
The "tiny house" minimalist fad
Choose a board game that involves thought (pre-apologizing for not knowing a lot of them)
Maple syrup at home
Oh god has facebook seen my activity in this group?  Are they sure they really want my opinion?
Would you rather
Would you have a beach wedding
What's the best part of being vegan?
there can only be one.
Best Christmas Movie
Best planets in our solar system:
I need to buy an album that was released this month. What should I get?
Did you ever actually make a paper mache volcano in school like every tv show and movie portray
Does anyone actually choose Burger King if they have the option of McDonalds and Wendy's at the same time?
Ariana grande thoughts
Non Sequitur?
Dachshunds
best animated movie
Which dog would you want?
If you had to pick...
When you've been vegan, what did you miss most
Worst Harry Potter death
Is soup a meal?
Would you rather have a threesome with your parents and nobody would ever know, or not have a threesome with your parents and everybody thinks you did, and cannot be convinced otherwise?
least fav beatle (elaborate)
You can only drink one the rest of your life. You can drink 4 oz of water every day to somehow keep you hydrated and alive, but never at the same time as this drink. You choose:
Example of Mandela Effect: How is this children's franchise spelled?
When a caterpillar makes a cocoon, does it think...
Best Harry Potter movie
What's your favorite kind of jelly?
Coffee
If a turtle loses its shell, is it:
MFK: The Bush Family
Do you know what chatroulette is?
Rick and Morty Island, Fuck, Eat. Who you would be trapped on an Island with, fuck or eat. Jan Michael Vincent, Me. Poopybutthole, lady with shit on her face like worf from Star Trek
Best hill related winter activity
Do you ever forget Drake can walk?
FMK: Leslie Knope (Parks and Rec), Liz Lemon (30 Rock), Bernadette Rostenkowski (Big Bang Theory) 
Thx Peter for the inspiration a long time ago for this one
If you get a tattoo of writing, do you:
What book would you rather read? Very important, I may write the winner. thank.
Most likely induce a barf:
While driving through a mall parking lot or something similar, do you stop at the little stop signs if there is no one around?
Who is the best Gavin?
does food automatically taste better when you put it on a stick
This statement applies to me: I have one psycho parent and one chill one
Bubble tape or big league chew
Would you rather be turned into an alien monster or a robot? asking for a friend, thank you.
Who is the authority on ranch dressing?
I'm currently at a family party, what should I do:
Chrystal Ball Time:  What is Kelly Cahill most likely to do on New Years Eve?
Which of these controversial carb-stacked candidates deserve to be finally recognized as "sandwiches" in 2017?
This isn't a poll, but regardless:
You and a super intelligent snail both become immortal, however you die if the snail touches you. It always knows where you are and slowly crawls toward you. What's your plan?
Would you rather?
There are 15 shots of patron total. Each shot you take earns you 100$. However, you only have 30 mins to take all the shots and you can't throw up or you lose everything. How many could you take?
If you die and come back as a spooky ghost do you...
Pickles
Would you rather
I genuinely don't know if this has been asked yet:
Nostalgic meme time
Favorite lyric in the Cha Cha Slide? 
best south Oakland bar
Which video game would you live in?
The one you choose is now right next door to you, the others are 100 miles away
Breakfast meats? ðŸ·
Funniest Spongebob Squarepants Character?
Can you booty call someone you're in a relationship with? 
"White Crime" you do regularly
IMPORTANT: Jax or Cheetos?
Cats or dogs?
Who is going to win the Iron Throne?
Best walking dead character
When should I start crying?
What do you do when inappropriate sites try to friend you on instagram?
Best condiment
How do you feel about pickles?
Which is better?
Best Meme 2016
Best weird smell
I would rather have:
You're being forced to listen to one of the two songs for a full 24 hours on max volume and repeat. Choose wisely.
Favorite Starter PokÃ©mon
Thoughts on hedge hogs
Are we
Favorite fruit
Which one?
Who owns the moon?
Don't you think this whole Harambe thing is kind of played out? Aren't we better than this?
Best form of potatoes
Make or break friendships Doritos
Favorite thing to do in NYC this Holiday Season
Should I stay up until I finish my work that's due at 11am, or go to sleep now and get up at 6am?
Favorite subject in high school:
Which consumes your mind most often?
Which is the best verse of All Star by Smash Mouth
Are gushers or fruit by the foot or fruit roll ups candy?
Best Mythology
Fav odd childhood candy
Should I study for my psych final?
What is your favorite genre of music?
*~*~*~*~*ALSO: Post your favorite song in the comments. NO trolling, please be serious. Just looking for some new music. ~*~*~*~**~*~*~
Violent video games:
What did/do you do in class
The final fight
how do you eat ramen
Favorite painting genre
Favorite art form
Scariest game
Favorite type of food?
i love this group so much
the options on most of these polls make me giggle ðŸ™ðŸ¼
Best podcast?
Worst show (pre-lol at how much hate and fighting this post will get)
Are you naked if you have just socks on?
What do you have going for you in life
WOULD YOU RATHER: 
know HOW you are going to die 
or
know WHEN you are going to die?

Hey babe, what's your sign? ðŸŒŸ
Who is the coolest guy? Mikey and I are playing card wars and the rule is that the coolest guy goes first. We each have picked a deck so it will be unbiased bc we all know id win over mikey
Please enter your preference(s) honestly... Even if your answer makes you uncomfortable, please include it...
Best movie of the shrek franchise (answer carefully friends) 
**note: I would call it a saga, but rly it would be unfair to invalidate the unique merit of the spinoffs (see below, chose not to include shrek 4-D bc it originated as an amusement park ride which taints the sanctity of the shrek series w filthy filthy consumerism)
Chokers
when you play tic tac toe do you start with x or o 
Favorite Video Game Series?
Favorite instrument to play in rock band
The Rules of Fight Club:
Best Star Wars movie
Class that was most likely to cause your death freshman year of undergrad
Worst thing about other drivers
Kardashians
Cocoa or Fruity Pebbles?
Wine?
How many polling options is too many?
What do you do when you can't sleep?
Worst middle school/high school fashion trends?

Best dog breed
I already know what the results are gunna be but...
Who should Rory end up with?
How much time have you spent in this random group
Did you partake in any of these facebook statuses in middle school? (check all that apply)
It won't let me copy the link and paste it in the comment thread but here
Favorite Gilmore Girl?!
What was your favorite childhood fake body-modification?
(FOR MY PITT PPL (sorry everyone else)) Favorite Market option
Best candy bar (not like m&ms or skittles or Lindt truffles or whopper)
Which is more annoying?
Which do you prefer?
Favorite Pokemon game
Best Zelda Game?
Giant or tiny versions of things (asking cause I love both)
Call of Duty VS Battlefield
Tuna salad or chicken salad?
Friendzoning
REAL TALK.
Top tier fast food restaurants
Would you rather:
Best old school Disney show (pre 2005)
Guitar Hero or Rock Band?
Team Edward or Jacob
You are given a special wristwatch that you HAVE to wear at all times. It will display one of the following options
favorite friend
Ordering chipotle online
which is worse
Best Chex Party Mix Ingredient
Which camp rock song is better?
The Simpsons or Futurama?
Favorite holiday
The Game: Did you win?
Crunchy or chewy cookies?
Favorite cheese to put in a sub/sandwich
Best older online gaming site
What to wear to bed
Would you rather never have lived or have to live forever (ie the sun explodes and you are alone floating in space forever)
Who wins in a fight
Best drinking music
Slow-Walkers on the sidewalk
best peripheral rick and morty character
Best vacation spot
Best 90s-early 2k toys and games
Worst meme 2016
Greatest ~holiday~ song
DC Comics or Marvel Comics
Best 90s Boy Band
What state is the best? Add if your choice is not yet present. 
Xbox one OR PS4? 
Best Chaser 2016
Favorite way to kill your Sims character? 
White elephant
Favorite skittle
Best Christmas Movie
Hello random group of people. This is a group intended for asking random poll questions with a good distribution of types of ppl for when you're arguing with your friends about something and you wish you could ask a bunch of ppl. Thx 4 the support.

Feel free to make your own polls!! And yes you can INVITE FRIENDS! Ppl have been texting da admins asking if they can invite people but you don't have to ask. In the words of Nike and Shia Labeouf: JUST DO ITTTT.

REQUIREMENTS: no political posts, no inappropriate posts (sexual/violent/you should be able to know what is inappropriate), no spamming. 
Admins can remove these things bc this group is supposed to be fun and great and can start silly fights but shouldn't start real fights ~~~~~~~~
Post-mortem plans?
For the Horde or Alliance?
What's the difference between a duck?
Best thing to exclaim post-headshot in a video game?
Best Harry Potter Movie / Book?
Looking for a drag name
One word to describe Taylor Humphrey...
Most annoying Christmas song?
fav season
?
Best light beer?
In Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer "You'll go down in hiiiissstooooryyyy" what do you say after?
Best place to get a garbage plate?
My poop today was
Hotdogs:
Best outdated equipment
Favorite Pokemon
Drying your hands in public places preference
Tattoos are:
 Favorite form of social media 
best dessert
Which Hamilton character(s) do you identify with?
Drink of choice?
Gamez
Farts are
What was the greatest grade school lunch?
Ponchos:
Best horror icon?
Coupons
What's the best sauce
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop?
FYI you can turn notifications off for all posts or for only friends posts by going to the "info" and "notification settings" thx guys u rock thx for da support
Head on
Best Disney animal sidekick
Who is the lamest miner
Is jello a junk food
Best song of the early 2000s
Vote
Which is the true snack?
I've arrived
O baby
Hello random group of people. This is a group intended for asking random poll questions with a good distribution of types of ppl. Thx.
Feel free to make your own polls and add people~
Hello random group of people. This is a group intended for asking random poll questions with a good distribution of types of ppl. Thx.
